1. Youtube.com
YouTube
Nikmati video dan muzik yang anda suka, muat naik kandungan asal dan kongsikan dengan rakan, keluarga dan seluruh dunia di YouTube.
2. Netflix.com
Netflix Malaysia - Watch TV Shows Online, Watch Movies Online
Watch Netflix movies & TV shows online or stream right to your smart TV, game console, PC, Mac, mobile, tablet and more.
3. Imdb.com
Ratings and Reviews for New Movies and TV Shows - IMDb
IMDb is the world's most popular and authoritative source for movie, TV and celebrity content. Find ratings and reviews for the newest movie and TV shows.
4. Spotify.com
Spotify.com
5. Espn.com
ESPN: Serving sports fans. Anytime. Anywhere.
Visit ESPN to get up-to-the-minute sports news coverage, scores, highlights and commentary for NFL, MLB, NBA, College Football, NCAA Basketball and more.
6. Cnn.com
CNN - Breaking News, Latest News and Videos
View the latest news and breaking news today for U.S., world, weather, entertainment, politics and health at CNN.com.
7. Bbc.co.uk
BBC - Home
The best of the BBC, with the latest news and sport headlines, weather, TV & radio highlights and much more from across the whole of BBC Online
8. Grammarly.com
Grammarly: Free Writing Assistant
Millions trust Grammarly’s free writing app to make their messages, documents, and posts clear, mistake-free, and effective.
9. Scribd.com
Scribd - Read books, audiobooks, and more
The world's largest digital library. Read unlimited* books, audiobooks,... Access to millions of documents. FREE with a 30 day free trial. Cancel Anytime
10. Hulu.com
Stream TV and Movies Live and Online | Hulu
hulu
Watch TV shows and movies online. Stream TV episodes of South Park, Empire, SNL, Modern Family and popular movies on your favorite devices. Start your free trial now. Cancel anytime.
11. Foxnews.com
Fox News - Breaking News Updates | Latest News Headlines | Photos & News Videos
Breaking News, Latest News and Current News from FOXNews.com. Breaking news and video. Latest Current News: U.S., World, Entertainment, Health, Business, Technology, Politics, Sports.
12. Ndtv.com
NDTV: Latest News, India News, Breaking News, Business, Bollywood, Cricket, Videos
        & Photos
NDTV.com provides latest news from India and the world. Get today’s news headlines from Business, Technology, Bollywood, Cricket, videos, photos, live news coverage and exclusive breaking news from India.
13. Deviantart.com
DeviantArt - Discover The Largest Online Art Gallery and Community
DeviantArt is the world's largest online social community for artists and art enthusiasts, allowing people to connect through the creation and sharing of art.
14. Xfinity.com
Digital Cable TV, Internet and Home Phone | XFINITY
Save on XFINITY Digital Cable TV, High Speed Internet and Home Phone Services. Enjoy entertainment your way with great deals on XFINITY by Comcast.
15. Livejournal.com
LiveJournal: Discover global communities of friends who share your unique passions and interests.
Rating of posts in LiveJournal blogs. LJ Top is automatically generated.
16. Cnbc.com
International Business, World News & Global Stock Market Analysis
CNBC International is the world leader for news on business, technology, China, trade, oil prices, the Middle East and markets.
17. Ign.com
IGN Southeast Asia
IGN is your site for Xbox One, PS4, PC, Wii-U, Xbox 360, PS3, Wii, 3DS, PS Vita & iPhone games with expert reviews, news, previews, trailers, cheat codes, wiki guides &amp; walkthroughs
18. Ultimate-guitar.com
ULTIMATE GUITAR TABS - 1,100,000 songs catalog with free Chords, Guitar Tabs, Bass Tabs, Ukulele Chords and Guitar Pro Tabs!
Your #1 source for chords, guitar tabs, bass tabs, ukulele chords, guitar pro and power tabs. Comprehensive tabs archive with over 1,100,000 tabs! Tabs search engine, guitar lessons, gear reviews, rock news and forums!
19. Pandora.com
Pandora
Pandora.com
20. Rottentomatoes.com
Rotten Tomatoes: Movies | TV Shows | Movie Trailers | Reviews - Rotten Tomatoes
Rotten Tomatoes, home of the Tomatometer, is the most trusted measurement of quality for Movies & TV. The definitive site for Reviews, Trailers, Showtimes, and Tickets
21. Nbcnews.com
22. Npr.org
NPR : National Public Radio : News & Analysis, World, US, Music & Arts : NPR
NPR delivers breaking national and world news. Also top stories from business, politics, health, science, technology, music, arts and culture. Subscribe to podcasts and RSS feeds.
23. Discogs.com
Discogs - Music Database and Marketplace
Discover music on Discogs, the largest online music database. Buy and sell music with collectors in the Marketplace.
24. Urbandictionary.com
Urban Dictionary, November 28: dance on the blacktop
To get stabbed, shanked or to stab someone (mostly referred in prison).
25. Vice.com
VICE - Original reporting and documentaries on everything that matters in the world.
The definitive guide to enlightening information.
26. Cbsnews.com
Live, breaking news today: Latest national headlines, world news and more from CBSNews.com and watch the CBSN live news stream 24x7
Watch CBSN the live news stream from CBS News and get the latest, breaking news headlines of the day for national news and world news today.
27. Ieee.org
28. Cbc.ca
Canada's home for News, Entertainment, Sports, Music and much more
29. Abc.net.au
ABC (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
30. Wired.com
WIRED
Wired.com
31. Deezer.com
Deezer - music streaming | Try Flow, download & listen to free music
Try Flow, only on Deezer. Listen to your music, when and where you want. Discover more than 56 million tracks, create your own playlists, and share your favourite tracks with your friends.
32. Vectorstock.com
VectorStock - Vector Art, Images, Graphics & Clipart
Royalty free vector images, vector art, graphics, clipart, illustrations and high resolution stock images. Find the vectors you want!
33. Pbs.org
PBS: Public Broadcasting Service
Watch full episodes of your favorite PBS shows, explore music and the arts, find in-depth news analysis, and more. Home to Antiques Roadshow, Frontline, NOVA, PBS Newshour, Masterpiece and many others.
34. Archiveofourown.org
Archive of Our Own
An Archive of Our Own, a project of the
    Organization for Transformative Works
35. History.com
HISTORY | Watch Full Episodes of Your Favorite Shows
Watch full episodes of your favorite HISTORY series, and dive into thousands of historical articles and videos. To know History is to know life.
36. Abcnews.go.com
ABC News – Breaking News, Latest News, Headlines & Videos
Your trusted source for breaking news, analysis, exclusive interviews, headlines, and videos at ABCNews.com
37. Metacritic.com
38. Fanfiction.net
FanFiction
World's largest fanfiction archive and forum where fanfic writers and readers around the globe gather to share their passion.
39. Foodnetwork.com
Easy Recipes, Healthy Eating Ideas and Chef Recipe Videos | Food Network
Love Food Network shows, chefs and recipes? Find the best recipe ideas, videos, healthy eating advice, party ideas and cooking techniques from top chefs, shows and experts.
40. Last.fm
Last.fm | Play music, find songs, and discover artists
The world's largest online music service. Listen online, find out more about your favourite artists, and get music recommendations, only at Last.fm
41. Britishcouncil.org
42. Theatlantic.com
43. Vocabulary.com
Vocabulary.com - Learn Words - English Dictionary
Vocabulary.com helps you learn new words, play games that improve your vocabulary, and explore language.
44. Cbs.com
CBS TV Network Primetime, Daytime, Late Night and Classic Television Shows
Watch CBS television online.  Find CBS primetime, daytime, late night, and classic tv episodes, videos, and information.
45. Tmz.com
46. Fandango.com
47. Billboard.com
Billboard - Music Charts, News, Photos & Video | Billboard
Billboard - Music Charts, Music News, Artist Photo Gallery and Free Video
48. Sparknotes.com
SparkNotes: Today's Most Popular Study Guides
SparkNotes are the most helpful study guides around to literature, math, science, and more. Find sample tests, essay help, and translations of Shakespeare.
49. Rollingstone.com
Rolling Stone - Music, Film, TV and Political News Coverage
Music, Film, TV and Political News Coverage
50. Filmaffinity.com
FilmAffinity
Filmaffinity: Rate Movies and TV Shows & Find Movie Recommendations
