1. Office.com
Office 365 Login | Microsoft Office
Collaborate for free with online versions of Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and OneNote. Save documents, spreadsheets, and presentations online, in OneDrive. Share them with others and work together at the same time.
2. Espn.com
ESPN: Serving sports fans. Anytime. Anywhere.
Visit ESPN to get up-to-the-minute sports news coverage, scores, highlights and commentary for NFL, MLB, NBA, College Football, NCAA Basketball and more.
3. Paypal.com
Send Money - Online Payment - PayPal Malaysia
PayPal Malaysia online payment system is the faster, safer way to send money, receive money or set up a merchant account. Sign Up Now!
4. Indeed.com
Job Search | Jawatan Kosong dari Indeed
Job Search by Indeed. All Malaysia jobs. Job vacancy. Jawatan kosong dan kerja kosong di Malaysia. Search millions of jobs from thousands of job boards, recruiters, classifieds and company websites on indeed.com.my
5. Chase.com
Credit Card, Mortgage, Banking, Auto | Chase Online | Chase.com
Chase online; credit cards, mortgages, commercial banking, auto loans, investing & retirement planning, checking and business banking.
6. Alibaba.com
Alibaba.com: Manufacturers, Suppliers, Exporters & Importers from the world's largest online B2B marketplace
Find quality Manufacturers, Suppliers, Exporters, Importers, Buyers, Wholesalers, Products and Trade Leads from our award-winning International Trade Site. Import &amp; Export on alibaba.com
7. Shutterstock.com
Stock Images, Photos, Vectors, Video, and Music | Shutterstock
Search millions of royalty free stock images, photos, videos, and music. Get inspired by 1000s of new, high-resolution stock images added daily.
8. Scribd.com
Scribd - Read books, audiobooks, and more
The world's largest digital library. Read unlimited* books, audiobooks,... Access to millions of documents. FREE with a 30 day free trial. Cancel Anytime
9. Forbes.com
Forbes
Forbes is a global media company, focusing on business, investing, technology, entrepreneurship, leadership, and lifestyle.
10. Zillow.com
11. Hdfcbank.com
HDFC Bank - Avail the Best Personal Banking Services in India
HDFC Bank, India's leading private sector bank, offers personal banking services like Accounts & Deposits, Cards, Loans, Investment & Insurance products to meet all your banking needs.
12. Businessinsider.com
Business Insider
Business Insider is a fast-growing business site with deep financial, media, tech, and other industry verticals. Launched in 2007, the site is now the largest business news site on the web.
13. Finance.yahoo.com
14. Wellsfargo.com
Wells Fargo – Banking, Credit Cards, Loans, Mortgages & More
Wells Fargo: Provider of banking, mortgage, investing, credit card, and personal, small business, and commercial financial services. Learn more.
15. Capitalone.com
Capital One Credit Cards, Bank, and Loans - Personal and Business
Capital One can help you find the right credit cards; checking or savings accounts; auto loans; and other banking services for you or your business
16. Icicibank.com
Personal Banking, Online Banking Services - ICICI Bank
Welcome to ICICI Bank, Ideal destination for Personal Banking need! We offer a wide range of personal banking services including loans, credit cards, savings account, fixed deposits and insurance to meet your personal needs.
17. Skype.com
Skype | Communication tool for free calls and chat
Stay in touch! Free online calls, messaging, affordable international calling to mobiles or landlines and Skype for Business for effective collaboration.
18. Target.com
Target : Black Friday 2019 Deals
Shop Target's Black Friday 2019 deals for amazing savings on electronics, toys, home goods, apparel and more. Free two-day shipping on all purchases or pick-up in store.
19. Ups.com
Global Home: UPS - United States
20. Behance.net
21. Americanexpress.com
American Express Credit Cards, Rewards, Travel and Business Services
American Express offers world-class Charge and Credit Cards, Gift Cards, Rewards, Travel, Personal Savings, Business Services, Insurance and more.
22. Samsung.com
Samsung Malaysia | Smartphones, TVs, Home Appliances & Other Consumer Electronics
Samsung Malaysia lets you discover the latest & best products in smartphones, tablets, wearables, TVs, home appliances & other consumer electronics categories. Shop the entire range of mobile devices, TVs, home appliances & other consumer electronics online at Samsung Malaysia at the best price in Malaysia.
23. Investing.com
Investing.com - Stock Market Quotes & Financial News
Investing.com offers free real time quotes, portfolio, streaming charts, financial news, live stock market data and more.
24. Fedex.com
FedEx Global Home - Select Your Location
Welcome to FedEx.com - Select your location to find services for shipping your package, package tracking, shipping rates, and tools to support shippers and small businesses
25. Economictimes.indiatimes.com
Business News Live, Share Market News - Read Latest Finance News, IPO, Mutual Funds News
Business News- Read Latest Financial news, Stock/Share Market News, Economy News, Business News on The Economic Times.  Find IPO Analysis, Mutual Funds Trends & Analysis, Gold Rate, Real Estate & more. 
26. Eventbrite.com
Eventbrite - Discover Great Events or Create Your Own & Sell Tickets
Eventbrite brings people together through live experiences. Discover events that match your passions, or create your own with online ticketing tools.
27. Bloomberg.com
Bloomberg - Are you a robot?
28. Adp.com
Payroll, HR and Tax Services | ADP Official Site
ADP offers industry-leading online payroll and HR solutions, plus tax, compliance, benefit administration and more.
29. Springer.com
30. Investopedia.com
Investopedia: Sharper insight, better investing.
Investopedia is the world's leading source of financial content on the web, ranging from market news to retirement strategies, investing education to insights from advisors.
31. Bankofamerica.com
Bank of America - Banking, Credit Cards, Loans and Investing
What would you like the power to do? For you and your family, your business and your community. At Bank of America, our purpose is to help make financial lives better through the power of every connection.
32. Reuters.com
Business & Financial News, U.S & International Breaking News  | Reuters
Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.
33. Td.com
About TD – TD Canada Trust
Explore what TD Canada Trust is all about. Learn about our values, initiatives, reporting, news, careers, recent awards, and more.
34. Hm.com
H&M offers fashion and quality at the best price
Welcome to H&M, your shopping destination for fashion online. We offer fashion and quality at the best price in a more sustainable way.
35. Wsj.com
The Wall Street Journal - Breaking News, Business, Financial & Economic News, World News and Video
Breaking news and analysis from the U.S. and around the world at WSJ.com. Politics, Economics, Markets, Life & Arts, and in-depth reporting.
36. Merriam-webster.com
Dictionary by Merriam-Webster: America's most-trusted online dictionary
The dictionary by Merriam-Webster is America's most trusted online dictionary for English word definitions, meanings, and pronunciation. #wordsmatter
37. Realtor.com
Find Real Estate, Homes for Sale, Apartments & Houses for Rent | realtor.com®
Search real estate property records, houses, condos, land and more on realtor.com®. Find property info from the most comprehensive source of home data online.
38. Costco.com
39. Att.com
AT&T® Official Site - Phone Plans, Internet Service, & TV - att.com
Visit att.com to switch and save on phone plans, internet service, & TV with premium entertainment! America's best network is also the fastest.
40. Wiley.com
Homepage | Wiley
Wiley.com
41. Istockphoto.com
Stock Images, Royalty-Free Pictures, Illustrations & Videos - iStock
Explore millions of exclusive, royalty-free, stock photos, images, and videos. Find the perfect image for your project, fast. Search now.
42. Marketwatch.com
MarketWatch: Stock Market News - Financial News - MarketWatch
MarketWatch provides the latest stock market, financial and business news. Get stock market quotes, personal finance advice, company news and more.
43. Nypost.com
Your source for breaking news, news about New York, sports, business, entertainment, opinion, real estate, culture, fashion, and more.
44. Verizonwireless.com
Verizon Wireless, Smartphone Deals & Plans | First to 5G
Shop the latest smartphones, tablets & deals from brands like Apple, Samsung & Google. Verizon, the largest 4G LTE network. And now 5G.
45. Fidelity.com
Fidelity Investments - Retirement Plans, Investing, Brokerage, Wealth Management, Financial Planning and Advice, Online Trading.
Fidelity Investments offers Financial Planning and Advice, Retirement Plans, Wealth Management Services, Trading and Brokerage services, and a wide range of investment products including Mutual Funds, ETFs, Fixed income Bonds and CDs and much more.
46. Onlinelibrary.wiley.com
Wiley Online Library | Scientific research articles, journals, books, and reference works
One of the largest and most authoritative collections of online journals, books, and research resources, covering life, health, social, and physical sciences.
47. Freelancer.com
Hire Freelancers & Find Freelance Jobs Online | Freelancer
Find & hire top freelancers, web developers & designers inexpensively. World's largest marketplace of 39m. Getting started is free. Receive quotes in seconds. Post your job online now.
48. Zara.com
ZARA Official Website
49. 123rf.com
Stock Photos, Vectors and Royalty Free Images from 123RF
Search and download from millions of HD stock photos, royalty free images, cliparts, vectors and illustrations
50. Discover.com
Discover - Card Services, Banking & Loans
Discover offers reward credit cards, online banking, home equity loans, student loans and personal loans.