1. Google.com
Google
Google.com
2. Youtube.com
YouTube
Nikmati video dan muzik yang anda suka, muat naik kandungan asal dan kongsikan dengan rakan, keluarga dan seluruh dunia di YouTube.
3. Mail.google.com
Gmail
Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient and useful. 15 GB of storage, less spam, and mobile access.
4. Docs.google.com
Sign in – Google accounts
5. Facebook.com
Facebook - Log masuk atau daftar
Cipta akaun atau log masuk ke Facebok. Berhubung dengan rakan, ahli keluarga dan individu lain yang anda kenal. Berkongsi foto dan video, menghantar...
6. Yahoo.com
Yahoo Malaysia | News and Lifestyle
Go beyond news and email. Also get lifestyle and other fresh content daily. See now.
7. En.wikipedia.org
Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
En.wikipedia.org
8. Search.yahoo.com
Yahoo Search - Web Search
The search engine that helps you find exactly what you're looking for. Find the most relevant information, video, images, and answers from all across the Web.
9. Office.com
Office 365 Login | Microsoft Office
Collaborate for free with online versions of Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and OneNote. Save documents, spreadsheets, and presentations online, in OneDrive. Share them with others and work together at the same time.
10. Bing.com
Bing
Bing helps you turn information into action, making it faster and easier to go from searching to doing.
11. Microsoft.com
Microsoft - Official Home Page
At Microsoft our mission and values are to help people and businesses throughout the world realize their full potential.
12. Twitter.com
Twitter. Inilah yang sedang berlaku.
bird
Dari berita terkini dan hiburan hinggalah kepada sukan dan politik, dapatkan cerita penuh serta segala ulasan secara langsung.
13. Stackoverflow.com
Stack Overflow - Where Developers Learn, Share, & Build Careers
Stack Overflow is the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share​ ​their programming ​knowledge, and build their careers.
14. Mail.yahoo.com
15. Apple.com
Apple
Discover the innovative world of Apple and shop everything iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Mac, and Apple TV, plus explore accessories, entertainment, and expert device support.
16. Wordpress.com
WordPress.com: Create a Free Website or Blog
Create a free website or build a blog with ease on WordPress.com. Dozens of free, customizable, mobile-ready designs and themes. Free hosting and support.
17. Msn.com
MSN Malaysia | Latest News, Hotmail, Outlook, Skype, Photos & Videos
The new MSN Malaysia, your customisable collection of the best in Malaysian and global news, local showbiz, entertainment, sports, money, lifestyle, health and weather. Combined with access to Outlook mail, Facebook, Twitter, Skype and more.
18. Adobe.com
Adobe: Creative, marketing and document management solutions
Adobe is changing the world through digital experiences. We help our customers create, deliver and optimize content and applications.
19. Linkedin.com
LinkedIn: Log In or Sign Up
500 million+ members | Manage your professional identity. Build and engage with your professional network. Access knowledge, insights and opportunities.
20. Dropbox.com
Dropbox Business
Share, sync, and collaborate on files securely with Dropbox Business, a file sharing and cloud storage solution that employees love and IT admins trust.
21. Play.google.com
Google Play
Enjoy millions of the latest Android apps, games, music, movies, TV, books, magazines & more. Anytime, anywhere, across your devices.
22. Tumblr.com
Sign up | Tumblr
Tumblr is a place to express yourself, discover yourself, and bond over the stuff you love. It's where your interests connect you with your people.
23. Github.com
The world’s leading software development platform · GitHub
GitHub brings together the world’s largest community of developers to discover, share, and build better software. From open source projects to private team repositories, we’re your all-in-one platform for collaborative development.
24. Imgur.com
Imgur: The magic of the Internet
Imgur is the easiest way to discover and enjoy the magic of the Internet.
25. Paypal.com
Send Money - Online Payment - PayPal Malaysia
PayPal Malaysia online payment system is the faster, safer way to send money, receive money or set up a merchant account. Sign Up Now!
26. Soundcloud.com
SoundCloud – Listen to free music and podcasts on SoundCloud
SoundCloud is a music and podcast streaming platform that lets you listen to millions of songs from around the world, or upload your own. Start listening now!
27. Salesforce.com
CRM and Cloud Computing To Grow Your Business - Salesforce Malaysia
Customer relationship management (CRM) software and cloud computing from the leader in CRM solutions for businesses large and small. Free 30-day trial.
28. Cnet.com
Product reviews, how-tos, deals and the latest tech news - CNET
CNET is the world's leader in tech product reviews, news, prices, videos, forums, how-tos and more.
29. Slideshare.net
Share and Discover Knowledge on LinkedIn SlideShare
Discover, Share, and Present presentations and infographics with the world’s largest professional content sharing community.
30. Wikihow.com
wikiHow - How to do anything
Learn how to do anything with wikiHow, the world's most popular how-to website. Easy, step-by-step, illustrated instructions for everything.
31. Pinterest.com
32. Fiverr.com
33. Aws.amazon.com
Amazon Web Services (AWS) -  Cloud Computing Services
Amazon Web Services offers reliable, scalable, and  inexpensive cloud computing services. Free to join, pay only for what you use.
34. Godaddy.com
Domain Names, Websites, Hosting & Online Marketing Tools - GoDaddy MY
Your all in one solution to grow online. Start a free trial to create a beautiful website, buy a domain name, fast hosting, online marketing and award-winning 24/7 support.
35. Archive.org
Internet Archive: Digital Library of Free & Borrowable Books, Movies, Music & Wayback Machine
Internet Archive is a non-profit digital library offering free universal access to books, movies & music, as well as 391 billion archived web pages.
36. Mediafire.com
File sharing and storage made simple
MediaFire is a simple to use free service that lets you put all your photos, documents, music, and video in a single place so you can access them anywhere and share them everywhere.
37. Trello.com
Trello
Infinitely flexible. Incredibly easy to use. Great mobile apps. It's free. Trello keeps track of everything, from the big picture to the minute details.
38. Zendesk.com
Zendesk | Customer Support Ticket System & Support Platform
Support ticketing system & customer service software by Zendesk. Our customer support platform is used by more than 145,000 organizations worldwide.
39. Vimeo.com
Vimeo | We’ve got a thing for video.
Join the web’s most supportive community of creators and get high-quality tools for hosting, sharing, and streaming videos in gorgeous HD and 4K with no ads.
40. Scribd.com
Scribd - Read books, audiobooks, and more
The world's largest digital library. Read unlimited* books, audiobooks,... Access to millions of documents. FREE with a 30 day free trial. Cancel Anytime
41. Duckduckgo.com
DuckDuckGo — Privacy, simplified.
The Internet privacy company that empowers you to seamlessly take control of your personal information online, without any tradeoffs.
42. Ask.com
Ask.com - What's Your Question?
43. Speedtest.net
44. Pixabay.com
1 million+ Stunning Free Images to Use Anywhere - Pixabay
Find your perfect free image or video to download and use for anything. ✓ Free for commercial use ✓ No attribution required ✓ High quality images.
45. Ilovepdf.com
iLovePDF | Online PDF tools for PDF lovers
iLovePDF is an online service to work with PDF files completely free and easy to use. Merge PDF, split PDF, compress PDF, office to PDF, PDF to JPG and more!
46. Blogger.com
Blogger.com - Create a unique and beautiful blog. It’s easy and free.
Publish your passions your way. Whether you’d like to share your knowledge, experiences or the latest news, create a unique and beautiful blog for free.
47. Support.microsoft.com
48. Smallpdf.com
Smallpdf.com - A Free Solution to all your PDF Problems
Smallpdf - the platform that makes it super easy to convert and edit all your PDF files. Solving all your PDF problems in one place - and yes, free. 
49. Mozilla.org
50. Intuit.com
Intuit®: Official Site | Powering Financial Prosperity‎
See how the power of Intuit Giants can work for you by joining the over ~50 million people already using TurboTax, QuickBooks and Mint to power their financial prosperity.