1. Twitch.tv
Twitch
Twitch is the world’s leading live streaming platform for gamers and the things we love. Watch and chat now with millions of other fans from around the world
2. Roblox.com
Roblox
Roblox is a global platform that brings people together through play.
3. Store.steampowered.com
Welcome to Steam
The Steam Autumn Sale is on now!  Find great deals on thousands of games! Plus, nominate your favorite games for the 2019 Steam Awards.
4. Wowhead.com
World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth News
The largest World of Warcraft (WoW) information site, featuring guides, news, and information on classes, professions, azerite, raids, transmog, and more.
5. Chess.com
Chess.com - Play Chess Online - Free Games
Play chess on Chess.com - the #1 chess community with +20 million members around the world. Play online with friends, challenge the computer, join a club, solve puzzles, analyze your games, and learn from hundreds of video lessons. You can also watch top players and compete for prizes.
6. Ign.com
IGN Southeast Asia
IGN is your site for Xbox One, PS4, PC, Wii-U, Xbox 360, PS3, Wii, 3DS, PS Vita & iPhone games with expert reviews, news, previews, trailers, cheat codes, wiki guides &amp; walkthroughs
7. Gamespot.com
Video Games Reviews & News - GameSpot
GameSpot delivers the best and most comprehensive video game and entertainment coverage, including news, reviews, trailers, walkthroughs, and guides for PS4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC, and Google Stadia.
8. Playstation.com
PlayStation® Official Site - PlayStation Console, Games, Accessories - PlayStation
PlayStation® Official Site - PlayStation Console, Games, Accessories, for Playstation console from the official PlayStation website. Explore PlayStation® Official Site - PlayStation Console, Games, Accessories game detail, demo, images, videos, reviews.
9. Leagueoflegends.com
League of Legends
Leagueoflegends.com
10. Epicgames.com
Epic Games Store | Official Site
A curated digital storefront for PC and Mac, designed with both players and creators in mind.
11. Battle.net
Blizzard Entertainment
Battle.net
12. Ea.com
Electronic Arts Home Page - Official EA Site
We exist to inspire the world through Play. Electronic Arts is a leading publisher of games on Console, PC and Mobile.
13. Blizzard.com
Blizzard Entertainment
14. Nvidia.com
Artificial Intelligence Computing Leadership from NVIDIA
Experience the NVIDIA website in your language, in your location.
15. Xbox.com
Xbox Official Site: Consoles, Games, and Community | Xbox
Experience the new generation of games and entertainment with Xbox. Explore consoles, new and old Xbox games and accessories to start or add to your collection.
16. Pcgamer.com
PC Gamer
PC Gamer is your source for exclusive reviews, demos, updates and news on all your favorite PC gaming franchises.
17. Nexusmods.com
Nexus mods and community
Nexusmods.com
18. Minecraft.net
Official site | Minecraft
Explore new gaming adventures, accessories, & merchandise on the Minecraft Official Site. Buy & download the game here or check the site for the latest news. 
19. Rockstargames.com
Rockstar Games
The official home of Rockstar Games
20. Gamesradar.com
GamesRadar+
GamesRadar+ takes you closer to the games, movies and TV you love.
21. Nintendo.com
Nintendo - Official Site - Video Game Consoles, Games
Nintendo.com
22. Bulbagarden.net
Bulbagarden: The original Pokémon community
Bulbagarden.net
23. Vocabulary.com
Vocabulary.com - Learn Words - English Dictionary
Vocabulary.com helps you learn new words, play games that improve your vocabulary, and explore language.
24. Itch.io
Download the latest indie games - itch.io
itch.io is a simple way to find, download and distribute indie games online. Whether you're a developer looking to upload your game or just someone looking for something new to play itch.io has you covered.
25. Unity3d.com
Unity Real-Time Development Platform | 3D, 2D VR & AR Visualizations
New address, same Unity3d. Unity real-time development platform.  Create 3D, 2D VR & AR visualizations for Games, Auto, Transportation, Film, Animation, Architecture, Engineering & more.
26. Easports.com
EA SPORTS | Sports video games | Football, Soccer, Golf, Basketball, Boxing, Hockey, Fighting
27. Wizards.com
Homepage | Wizards Corporate
Wizards of the Coast
Hasbro
This website for wizards of the coast
28. Sporcle.com
Sporcle – World’s Largest Trivia Quiz Website
Play thousands of free online trivia quiz games. There is a fun quiz about virtually every topic imaginable: Geography, History, Sports, Music, TV and more!
29. Callofduty.com
Call of Duty®
Grounded combat. Fast-paced action. The iconic first-person shooter is available on Playstation 4, Xbox One, PC, Android, and iOS.
30. Kongregate.com
Kongregate: Play free games online
Play thousands of free web and mobile games! Discover the best shooters, role playing games, MMO, CCG, tower defense, action games and more!
31. Boardgamegeek.com
BoardGameGeek | Gaming Unplugged Since 2000
Boardgamegeek.com
32. Eurogamer.net
Eurogamer.net
Bad puns and video games since 1999.
33. Icy-veins.com
Guides and News for WoW, Hearthstone, Diablo 3, and Heroes of the Storm - Icy Veins
Icy Veins provides news and detailed guides for World of Warcraft, WoW Classic, Hearthstone, Diablo III, Overwatch, Heroes of the Storm, and StarCraft 2.
34. Miniclip.com
Games at Miniclip.com - Play Free Online Games
Play Free Online Games, fun games, puzzle games, action games, sports games, flash games, adventure games, multiplayer games and more
35. Ubisoft.com
Ubisoft | Welcome to the official Ubisoft website
36. Bungie.net
Bungie.net
Bungie.net is the Internet home for Bungie, the developer of Destiny, Halo, Myth, Oni, and Marathon, and the only place with official Bungie info straight from the developers.
37. Betfair.com
38. Pch.com
Come back soon to PCH.com!
39. Pokemon.com
40. Finalfantasyxiv.com
41. Activision.com
Activision | Home
42. Square-enix.com
43. Mmo-champion.com
World of Warcraft News and Raiding Strategies - MMO-Champion
World of Warcraft News, with guides, patch notes, previews of upcoming content, and more!
44. Mtggoldfish.com
MTGGoldfish - Magic the Gathering Prices, Decks and Strategy
Magic the Gathering and Magic Online prices, decks and strategy.
45. Thesimsresource.com
TSR - The Sims Resource - Over 992,000 FREE downloads for The Sims 4, 3, 2 and 1
Download tens of thousands of free premium quality creations for The Sims games - no login required and updated daily
46. Planetminecraft.com
Planet Minecraft Community | Creative fansite for everything Minecraft!
Planet Minecraft is a family friendly community that shares and respects the creative works and interests of others. We have a variety of entertaining ways to explore and upload content, socialize and find like minded creative members from around the world that love the game of Minecraft.
47. Travian.com
Travian: Legends – International | The Online Multiplayer Strategy Game
Join the famous expert strategy game with thousands of real players ✓ Directly in your browser  ➤ PLAY NOW on our recommended International gameworlds
48. Rockpapershotgun.com
Rock Paper Shotgun - PC Game Reviews, Previews, Subjectivity
Rock, Paper, Shotgun - PC gaming news, previews, reviews, opinion
49. Hattrick.org
Hattrick Football Manager Game | Join the free football world » Hattrick
The original and the most popular online football manager game. It's free to play - everybody deserves their own football team!
50. Covers.com
Sports Picks, Odds and News from Sports Betting Experts | Covers
Today's Sports Betting News at Covers. All the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL and College scores and betting information you need.
