1. Nih.gov
National Institutes of Health (NIH) | Turning Discovery Into Health
Official website of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). NIH is one of the world's foremost medical research centers. An agency of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the NIH is the Federal focal point for health and medical research. The NIH website offers health information for the public, scientists, researchers, medical professionals, patients, educators,
2. Webmd.com
WebMD - Better information. Better health.
The leading source for trustworthy and timely health and medical news and information. Providing credible health information, supportive community, and educational services by blending award-winning expertise in content, community services, expert commentary, and medical review.
3. Mayoclinic.org
Mayo Clinic - Mayo Clinic
Seamless care that revolves around you: more than 4,700 physicians and scientists collaborate across Mayo Clinic campuses in Arizona, Florida and Minnesota. U.S. News & World Report ranks Mayo Clinic as the #1 hospital overall and #1 in more specialties than any other hospital in the nation.
4. Who.int
WHO | World Health Organization
WHO's primary role is to direct international health within the United Nations' system and to lead partners in global health responses.
5. Cdc.gov
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
As the nation’s health protection agency, CDC saves lives and protects people from health, safety, and security threats.
6. Psychologytoday.com
Psychology Today: Health, Help, Happiness + Find a Therapist
View the latest from the world of psychology: from behavioral research to practical guidance on relationships, mental health and addiction. Find help from our directory of therapists, psychologists and counselors.
7. Myfitnesspal.com
MyFitnessPal | MyFitnessPal.com
Free online calorie counter and diet plan. Lose weight by tracking your caloric intake quickly and easily.  Find nutrition facts for over 2,000,000 foods.
8. Medlineplus.gov
MedlinePlus - Health Information from the National Library of Medicine
Find information on health conditions, wellness issues, and more in easy-to-read language on MedlinePlus, the up-to-date, trusted health information site from the NIH and the National Library of Medicine.
9. Drugs.com
Drugs.com | Prescription Drug Information, Interactions & Side Effects
Prescription drug information and news for professionals and consumers. Search our drug database for comprehensive prescription and patient information on 24,000 drugs online.
10. Medscape.com
Latest Medical News, Clinical Trials, Guidelines - Today on Medscape
Today on Medscape : Get the latest medical news, clinical trial coverage, drug updates, journal articles, CME activities & more on Medscape. A free resource for physicians.
11. Kaiserpermanente.org
Custom Care & Coverage Just For You | Kaiser Permanente
Staying healthy is easier with the right support. Visit kp.org to learn how we customize care and coverage just for you.
12. Niams.nih.gov
National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases (NIAMS)
The mission of the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases (NIAMS) is to support research into the causes, treatment, and prevention of arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases; the training of basic and clinical scientists to carry out this research; and the dissemination of information on research progress in these diseases.
13. Niddk.nih.gov
National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK)
As an Institute within NIH, NIDDK conducts and supports research on many of the most common, costly, and chronic conditions to improve health.
14. Www.nhs.uk
The NHS website - NHS
Find information and advice on health conditions, symptoms, healthy living, medicines and how to get help.
15. Verywellmind.com
Verywell Mind - Know More. Live Brighter.
Whether you want to better manage stress, understand a mental health disorder, or learn why we dream, get the guidance you need to be healthy and happy.
16. Medicinenet.com
Medicinenet.com
17. Nichd.nih.gov
Homepage | NICHD - Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development
Nichd.nih.gov
18. Bmj.com
The BMJ: leading general medical journal. Research. Education. Comment | The BMJ
High impact medical research journal. Champion of better research, clinical practice & healthcare policy since 1840. For GPs, hospital doctors, educators & policymakers.
19. Apa.org
20. Kidshealth.org
Nemours KidsHealth - the Web's most visited site about children's health
KidsHealth is the #1 most-trusted source for physician-reviewed information and advice on children's health and parenting issues. For parents, kids, teens, and educators, in English and in Spanish.
21. Nimh.nih.gov
NIMH » Home
The National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) is the largest scientific organization in the world dedicated to research focused on the understanding, treatment, and prevention of mental disorders and the promotion of mental health.
22. Fda.gov
23. Menshealth.com
24. Niaaa.nih.gov
National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA) |
Niaaa.nih.gov
25. Clevelandclinic.org
Cleveland Clinic: Every Life Deserves World Class Care
Cleveland Clinic, a non-profit academic medical center, provides clinical and hospital care and is a leader in research, education and health information.
26. Emedicine.medscape.com
Diseases & Conditions - Medscape Reference
The eMedicine point-of-care clinical reference features up-to-date, searchable, peer-reviewed medical articles organized in specialty-focused textbooks, and is continuously updated with practice-changing evidence culled daily from the medical literature.
27. Self.com
SELF Magazine: Women's Workouts, Health Advice & Beauty Tips | SELF
Discover new workout ideas, healthy-eating recipes, makeup looks, skin-care advice, the best beauty products and tips, trends, and more from SELF.
28. HTTP Status exception: Weightwatchers.comHTTP error fetching URL
29. Verywellhealth.com
Verywell Health - Know More. Feel Better.
Verywell Health is your destination for reliable, understandable, and credible health information and expert advice that always keeps why you came to us in mind.
30. Nia.nih.gov
National Institute on Aging
Find science-based info. on health & aging & Alzheimer's. Get research news & funding opportunities from the National Institute on Aging at NIH.
31. Healthgrades.com
Healthgrades | Find a Doctor - Doctor Reviews - Online Doctor Appointments
Healthgrades is the leading online resource for comprehensive information about physicians and hospitals.
32. Rxlist.com
Rxlist.com
33. Health.com
Health.com: Fitness, Nutrition, Tools, News, Health Magazine | Health
Get energizing workout moves, healthy recipes, and advice on losing weight and feeling great from Health.com. Find out how to manage diabetes and depression, prevent heart attacks, and more.
34. Verywellfit.com
Verywell Fit - Know More. Be Healthier.
Verywell Fit is your trusted source for information on eating well and exercising. Let our expert advice, creative workouts, and delicious recipes inspire you. 
35. Heart.org
American Heart Association | To be a relentless force for a world of longer, healthier lives
Learn more about the American Heart Association's efforts to reduce death caused by heart disease and stroke. Also learn about cardiovascular conditions, ECC and CPR, donating, heart disease information for healthcare professionals, caregivers, and educators and healthy living
36. Fragrantica.com
Perfumes and Colognes Magazine, Perfume Reviews and Online Community—Fragrantica.com
Fragrantica is an online encyclopedia of perfumes, a perfume magazine and a community of perfume lovers. Fragrantica informs their readers about new per...
37. Sdsu.edu
Home | San Diego State University
San Diego State University provides transformative experiences for students in research, international experiences, sustainability and entrepreneurship initiatives, and a broad range of student life and leadership opportunities.
38. Cancer.gov
Comprehensive Cancer Information - National Cancer Institute
Accurate, up-to-date, comprehensive cancer information from the U.S. government's principal agency for cancer research.
39. Hopkinsmedicine.org
Johns Hopkins Medicine, based in Baltimore, Maryland
Discover how Johns Hopkins Medicine, headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland, is pushing the boundaries of biomedical discovery, transforming health care, advancing medical education and creating hope for humanity.
40. Socket Timeout exception: Mercola.comRead timed out
41. Cancer.org
American Cancer Society | Information and Resources about for Cancer: Breast, Colon, Lung, Prostate, Skin
Dedicated to helping people who face cancer. Learn about cancer research, patient services, early detection, treatment and education at cancer.org.
42. Nejm.org
The New England Journal of Medicine: Research & Review Articles on Disease & Clinical Practice
The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) is a weekly general medical journal that publishes new medical research and review articles, and editorial opinion on a wide variety of topics of importance to biomedical science and clinical practice.
43. Clinicaltrials.gov
Home - ClinicalTrials.gov
Clinicaltrials.gov
44. Zocdoc.com
Zocdoc.com
45. Nidcr.nih.gov
Advancing the nation's oral health through research and innovation | National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research
Advancing the nation's oral health through research and innovation.
46. Vitals.com
47. Goodrx.com
48. Thelancet.com
Thelancet.com
49. Plannedparenthood.org
Planned Parenthood | Official Site
Planned Parenthood Federation of America is a nonprofit organization that provides sexual health care in the United States and globally.