1. Finance.yahoo.com
2. Yelp.com
Restaurants, Dentists, Bars, Beauty Salons, Doctors - Yelp
User Reviews and Recommendations of Best Restaurants, Shopping, Nightlife, Food, Entertainment, Things to Do, Services and More at Yelp
3. Cnbc.com
International Business, World News & Global Stock Market Analysis
CNBC International is the world leader for news on business, technology, China, trade, oil prices, the Middle East and markets.
4. Gsmarena.com
5. Theverge.com
The Verge
The Verge was founded in 2011 in partnership with Vox Media, and covers the intersection of technology, science, art, and culture. Its mission is to offer in-depth reporting and long-form feature stories, breaking news coverage, product information, and community content in a unified and cohesive manner. The site is powered by Vox Media's Chorus platform, a modern media stack built for web-native news in the 21st century.
6. Marketwatch.com
MarketWatch: Stock Market News - Financial News - MarketWatch
MarketWatch provides the latest stock market, financial and business news. Get stock market quotes, personal finance advice, company news and more.
7. Engadget.com
Engadget is the original home for technology news and reviews. Since its founding in 2004, we've grown from an exhaustive source for consumer tech news to a global multimedia organization covering the intersection of technology, gaming and entertainment.
8. Irs.gov
Internal Revenue Service | An official website of the United States government
9. Digitaltrends.com
Technology News, Product Reviews, Deals & How-To's | Digital Trends
Digital Trends is your home for technology news, CE product reviews, mobile app reviews and daily videos.
10. Allrecipes.com
Allrecipes | Food, friends, and recipe inspiration
Find and share everyday cooking inspiration on Allrecipes. Discover recipes, cooks, videos, and how-tos based on the food you love and the friends you follow.
11. Gizmodo.com
Gizmodo | We come from the future
We come from the future.
12. Instructables.com
13. Trustpilot.com
Trustpilot Reviews: Experience the power of customer reviews
We're all about consumer reviews. Get the real inside story from shoppers like you. Read, write and share reviews on Trustpilot today.
14. Travel.state.gov
Travel
15. Tomsguide.com
Tom's Guide | Tech Product Reviews, Top Picks and How To
Tom's Guide upgrades your life by helping you decide what tech to buy, showing you how to get the most out of it and solving problems as they arise. Tom's Guide is here to help you.... 
16. Fool.com
Fool.com: Stock Investing Advice | Stock Research
The Motley Fool has been providing investing insights and financial advice to millions of people for over 25 years. Learn how we make the world Smarter, Happier & Richer.
17. Tomshardware.com
Tom's Hardware: For The Hardcore PC Enthusiast
Tom's Hardware helps you buy the best hardware and build the best PC to play, create and work.. 
18. Goodhousekeeping.com
19. Kbb.com
20. Edmunds.com
New Cars, Used Cars, Car Reviews and Pricing | Edmunds
Research new and used cars including car prices, view incentives and dealer inventory listings, compare vehicles, get car buying advice and reviews at Edmunds.com
21. Healthcare.gov
Get 2020 health coverage. Health Insurance Marketplace | HealthCare.gov
Official site of Affordable Care Act. Enroll now for 2020 coverage. See health coverage choices, ways to save today, how law affects you.
22. Dpreview.com
Digital Photography Review
Expert news, reviews and videos of the latest digital cameras, lenses, accessories, and phones. Get answers to your questions in our photography forums.
23. Ssa.gov
The United States Social Security Administration
Official website of the U.S. Social Security Administration.
24. Bankrate.com
Bankrate: Master Life's Financial Journey
Use Bankrate.com's free tools, expert analysis, and award-winning content to make smarter financial decisions.  Explore personal finance topics including credit cards, investments, identity protection, autos, retirement, credit reports, and so much more.
25. Bbb.org
BBB: Start with Trust® | Better Business Bureau®
Better Business Bureau helps United States, Canada, and Mexico consumers find businesses and charities they can trust. Find trusted BBB ratings, customer reviews, contact your local BBB, file a complaint, report a scam, read consumer news tips, BBB Auto Line, BBB Military Line.
26. Consumerreports.org
Product Reviews and Ratings - Consumer Reports
Get unbiased ratings and reviews for 9,000+ products and services from Consumer Reports, plus trusted advice and in-depth reporting on what matters most. 
27. Babycenter.com
BabyCenter | The Most Accurate & Trustworthy Pregnancy & Parenting Information
Find information from BabyCenter on pregnancy, children's health, parenting & more, including expert advice & weekly newsletters that detail your child's development.
28. Thespruce.com
The Spruce - Make Your Best Home
Browse beautiful home design ideas, useful how-to articles and easy-to-follow recipes to help you make your best home. Our expert advice makes creating the home you've always wanted easy and fun.
29. Carfax.com
30. Thespruceeats.com
The Spruce Eats - Make Your Best Meal
Whether you're cooking a feast for the holidays or just need some great ideas for dinner, we have you covered with recipes, cooking tips, and more!
31. Fixya.com
Fixya: Ask & Find Answers to Everyday Product Questions
Product troubleshooting support, DIY advice, and help from experts & local pros. Ask questions and get answers to fix, repair, and service any product.
32. Thekitchn.com
Kitchn | Inspiring cooks, nourishing homes
Inspiring cooks and nourishing homes through daily recipes, tips, kitchen design, and shopping guides.
33. Food.com
Food.com - Recipes, Food Ideas And Videos
Food.com has a massive collection of recipes that are submitted, rated and reviewed by people who are passionate about food. From international cuisines to quick and easy meal ideas, Food.com is where you can find what youre craving.
34. Lifehack.org
35. Bonappetit.com
Bon Appétit Magazine: Recipes, Cooking, Entertaining, Restaurants | Bon Appetit
Cook with confidence. Enjoy your food. Find recipes, search our encyclopedia of cooking tips and ingredients, watch food videos, and more.
36. Hgtv.com
37. Countryliving.com
38. Mouthshut.com
Consumer reviews on Movies, Cars, Bikes, Mobile Phones, Music, Books, Airlines, Restaurants, Hotels & more  - MouthShut.com
Get honest user reviews and blogs of products, places, businesses, services. Consumer reviews on movies, cars, bikes, music, mobile phones, books, airlines, restaurants, hotels and more.
39. Bhg.com
Better Homes and Gardens | Home Decorating, Remodeling and Design Ideas, Gardening, Recipes | Better Homes & Gardens
Daily ideas and inspiration from the trusted Better Homes & Gardens editors. Get decorating ideas and DIY projects for your home, easy recipes, entertaining ideas, and comprehensive information about plants from our Plant Encyclopedia.
40. Bgr.com
BGR – Tech and entertainment news, reviews, opinions and insights
BGR: The leading mobile and technology news source for breaking news, reviews, insights and opinions
41. Money.cnn.com
Breaking News, Latest News and Videos - CNN
Money.cnn.com
42. Opendns.com
Cloud Delivered Enterprise Security by OpenDNS
43. Mint.com
Budget Tracker & Planner | Free Online Money Management | Mint
Take charge of your finances with Mint’s online budget planner. Our free budget tracker helps you understand your spending for a brighter financial future.
44. Ehow.com
45. Wonderhowto.com
Wonder How To » Fresh Hacks For a Changing World
Wonder How To is your guide to free how to videos on the Web. Search, Browse and Discover the best how to videos across the web using the largest how to video index on the web. Watch the best online video instructions, tutorials, &amp; How-Tos for free. Have your own how to videos? Submit them to share with the world.
46. Epicurious.com
Epicurious – Recipes, Menu Ideas, Videos & Cooking Tips
Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook, with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000 recipes.
47. Realsimple.com
Real Simple: Home Decor Ideas, Recipes, DIY & Beauty Tips
Let Real Simple provide smart, realistic solutions from DIY crafts and recipes to home decor ideas, all to make your life easier.
48. Phonearena.com
49. Youneedabudget.com
YNAB. Personal Budgeting Software for Windows, Mac, iOS and Android
You Need a Budget combines easy software with Four Simple Rules to help you quickly gain control of your money, get out of debt, and save more money faster!
50. Trustedreviews.com
Trusted Reviews | Independent tech news and reviews
Tech news and expert reviews of the latest mobile phones, laptops, cameras, gadgets and home appliances. We'll help you buy the right product for you