1. Translate.google.com
Google Translate
Google's free service instantly translates words, phrases, and web pages between English and over 100 other languages.
2. Thesaurus.com
Thesaurus.com | Synonyms and Antonyms of Words at Thesaurus.com
Thesaurus.com is the world’s largest and most trusted free online thesaurus brought to you by Dictionary.com. For over 20 years, Thesaurus.com has been helping millions of people improve their mastery of the English language and find the precise word with over 3 million synonyms and antonyms and the ability to filter search results by relevance, word length, and complexity.
3. Connection exception: Reverso.netConnection timed out: connect
4. Weebly.com
Free Website Builder: Build a Free Website or Online Store | Weebly
Weebly’s free website builder makes it easy to create a website, blog, or online store. Find customizable templates, domains, and easy-to-use tools for any type of business website.
5. Khanacademy.org
Khan Academy | Free Online Courses, Lessons & Practice
You can learn anything. Expert-created content and resources for every course and level. Always free.
6. Espncricinfo.com
Check Live Cricket Scores, Match Schedules, News, Cricket Videos Online | ESPNcricinfo.com
Find Live Cricket Scores, Match updates, Fixtures, Results, News, Articles, Video highlights only at ESPNcricinfo. Read Ball by Ball Commentary, Series schedule of all ICC International & Domestic Cricket Team Matches Online.
7. Britannica.com
8. Leagueoflegends.com
League of Legends
Leagueoflegends.com
9. Epicgames.com
Epic Games Store | Official Site
A curated digital storefront for PC and Mac, designed with both players and creators in mind.
10. Timeanddate.com
Current Time (World Clock) and online and printable Calendars for countries worldwide. Find the best time for web meetings (Meeting Planner) or use the Time and Date Converters. Online services and Apps available for iPhone, iPad, and Android. 
11. Battle.net
Blizzard Entertainment
12. Ea.com
Electronic Arts Home Page - Official EA Site
We exist to inspire the world through Play. Electronic Arts is a leading publisher of games on Console, PC and Mobile.
13. Xe.com
XE - The World's Trusted Currency Authority: Money Transfers & Free Exchange Rate Tools
Get free live currency rates, tools, and analysis using the most accurate data. Other services include XE Money Transfer, XE Datafeed, and more!
14. Scratch.mit.edu
Scratch - Imagine, Program, Share
Scratch is a free programming language and online community where you can create your own interactive stories, games, and animations.
15. Blizzard.com
Blizzard Entertainment
Blizzard.com
16. Y8.com
Y8 Games : Play free online games at Y8.com
At Y8 Games, there are over 70,000 games and videos available to play online. We are leading in the latest Unity3D car and dress up games. Y8.COM a leader in online games for over 10 years.
17. Xbox.com
Xbox Official Site: Consoles, Games, and Community | Xbox
Experience the new generation of games and entertainment with Xbox. Explore consoles, new and old Xbox games and accessories to start or add to your collection.
18. History.com
HISTORY | Watch Full Episodes of Your Favorite Shows
Watch full episodes of your favorite HISTORY series, and dive into thousands of historical articles and videos. To know History is to know life.
19. Citationmachine.net
Citation Machine: Format & Generate Citations – APA, MLA, & Chicago
Citation Machine® helps students and professionals properly credit the information that they use. Cite sources in APA, MLA, Chicago, Turabian, and Harvard for free.
20. Howstuffworks.com
HowStuffWorks - Learn How Everything Works!
HowStuffWorks explains thousands of topics, ranging from the flu to black holes to conspiracy theories, with video and illustrations so you can learn how everything works.
21. Developer.android.com
Android Developers
The official site for Android app developers. Provides the Android SDK tools and API documentation.
22. Nintendo.com
Nintendo - Official Site - Video Game Consoles, Games
Nintendo.com
23. Bulbagarden.net
Bulbagarden: The original Pokémon community
Bulbagarden.net
24. Codecademy.com
Learn to Code - for Free | Codecademy
Codecademy
Learn the technical skills you need for the job you want. As leaders in online education and learning to code, we’ve taught over 45 million people using a tested curriculum and an interactive learning environment. Start with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, Python, Data Science, and more. 
25. Easports.com
EA SPORTS | Sports video games | Football, Soccer, Golf, Basketball, Boxing, Hockey, Fighting
26. Mathsisfun.com
Math is Fun
Math explained in easy language, plus puzzles, games, worksheets and an illustrated dictionary. For K-12 kids, teachers and parents.
27. Lego.com
Home | Official LEGO® Shop MY
Explore the world of LEGO® through games, videos, products and more! Shop awesome LEGO® building toys and brick sets and find the perfect gift for your kid
28. Bartleby.com
Homework Help and Textbook Solutions | bartleby
Reach your academic happy place with access to thousands of textbook solutions written by subject matter experts.
29. Sciencedaily.com
ScienceDaily: Your source for the latest research news
Breaking science news and articles on global warming, extrasolar planets, stem cells, bird flu, autism, nanotechnology, dinosaurs, evolution -- the latest discoveries in astronomy, anthropology, biology, chemistry, climate & environment, computers, engineering, health & medicine, math, physics, psychology, technology, and more -- from the world's leading universities and research organizations.
30. Easybib.com
EasyBib: Free Bibliography Generator - MLA, APA, Chicago citation styles
Automatic works cited and bibliography formatting for MLA, APA and Chicago/Turabian citation styles. Now supports 7th edition of MLA.
31. Ubisoft.com
Ubisoft | Welcome to the official Ubisoft website
32. Bom.gov.au
33. Pbskids.org
PBS KIDS
Educational games and videos from Curious George, Wild Kratts and other PBS KIDS shows!
34. Bungie.net
Bungie.net
Bungie.net is the Internet home for Bungie, the developer of Destiny, Halo, Myth, Oni, and Marathon, and the only place with official Bungie info straight from the developers.
35. Sitepoint.com
SitePoint – Learn HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby & Responsive Design
Learn Web Design & Development with SitePoint tutorials, courses and books - HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, PHP, mobile app development, Responsive Web Design
36. Fontsquirrel.com
Free Fonts! Legit Free & Quality | Font Squirrel
Font Squirrel scours the internet for high quality, legitimately free fonts . Download thousands of completely legal, high quality, free fonts.
37. Fafsa.ed.gov
FAFSA®: Apply for Aid | Federal Student Aid
Use the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA®) form to apply for financial aid (grants, work-study, and loans) to pay for college or career school.
38. Biography.com
Famous Biographies & TV Shows
Explore Bio.com, your source for true stories about notable people. Watch full episodes, read exclusive biographies and discover the unexpected ways you're connected to your favorite celebrities.
39. Raspberrypi.org
Teach, Learn, and Make with Raspberry Pi – Raspberry Pi
Raspberrypi.org
40. Uefa.com
The official website for European football | UEFA.com
UEFA.com is the official site of UEFA, the Union of European Football Associations, and the governing body of football in Europe. UEFA works to promote, protect and develop European football across its 55 member associations and organises some of the world’s most famous football competitions, including the UEFA Champions League, UEFA Women’s Champions League, the UEFA Europa League, UEFA EURO and many more. The site features the latest European football news, goals, an extensive archive of video and stats, as well as insights into how the organisation works, including information on financial fair play, how UEFA supports grassroots football and the UEFA HatTrick funding scheme.
41. Mathway.com
Mathway | Algebra Problem Solver
Free math problem solver answers your algebra homework questions with step-by-step explanations.
42. Pokemon.com
43. Kidshealth.org
Nemours KidsHealth - the Web's most visited site about children's health
KidsHealth is the #1 most-trusted source for physician-reviewed information and advice on children's health and parenting issues. For parents, kids, teens, and educators, in English and in Spanish.
44. Rhymezone.com
RhymeZone rhyming dictionary and thesaurus
A language arts reference tool and comprehensive search engine for words.  Includes the functions of a rhyming dictionary, thesaurus, and spelling checker, as well as an integrated full-text search engine for all of Shakespeare's works and thousands of quotations and poems.
45. Css-tricks.com
CSS-Tricks
Daily articles about CSS, HTML, JavaScript, and all things related to web design and development.
46. Activision.com
Activision | Home
47. Space.com
Space.com: NASA, Space Exploration and Astronomy News
Get the latest space exploration, innovation and astronomy news. Space.com celebrates humanity's ongoing expansion across the final frontier. 
48. Irishtimes.com
Irishtimes.com
49. Square-enix.com
50. Phet.colorado.edu
PhET: Free online physics, chemistry, biology, earth science and math simulations
PhET Interactive Simulations
Free science and math simulations for teaching STEM topics, including physics, chemistry, biology, and math, from University of Colorado Boulder