1. Reddit.com
Reddit is a network of communities based on people's interests. Find communities you're interested in, and become part of an online community!
2. Nytimes.com
The New York Times - Breaking News, World News & Multimedia
The New York Times: Find breaking news, multimedia, reviews & opinion on Washington, business, sports, movies, travel, books, jobs, education, real estate, cars & more at nytimes.com.
3. News.google.com
Google News
Comprehensive, up-to-date news coverage, aggregated from sources all over the world by Google News.
4. Cnn.com
CNN - Breaking News, Latest News and Videos
View the latest news and breaking news today for U.S., world, weather, entertainment, politics and health at CNN.com.
5. Theguardian.com
News, sport and opinion from the Guardian's global edition | The Guardian
Latest international news, sport and comment from the Guardian
6. Shutterstock.com
Stock Images, Photos, Vectors, Video, and Music | Shutterstock
Search millions of royalty free stock images, photos, videos, and music. Get inspired by 1000s of new, high-resolution stock images added daily.
7. Indiatimes.com
Trending stories on Indian Lifestyle, Culture, Relationships, Food, Travel, Entertainment, News and New Technology News - Indiatimes.com
Indiatimes.com brings you the news, articles, stories and videos on entertainment, latest lifestyle, culture and new technologies emerging worldwide.
8. Washingtonpost.com
Washington Post: Breaking News, World, US, DC News & Analysis - The Washington Post
The Washington Post
Breaking news and analysis on politics, business, world national news, entertainment more. In-depth DC, Virginia, Maryland news coverage including traffic, weather, crime, education, restaurant reviews and more.
9. News.yahoo.com
Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines
The latest news and headlines from Yahoo! News. Get breaking news stories and in-depth coverage with videos and photos.
10. Forbes.com
Forbes
Forbes is a global media company, focusing on business, investing, technology, entrepreneurship, leadership, and lifestyle.
11. Foxnews.com
Fox News - Breaking News Updates | Latest News Headlines | Photos & News Videos
Breaking News, Latest News and Current News from FOXNews.com. Breaking news and video. Latest Current News: U.S., World, Entertainment, Health, Business, Technology, Politics, Sports.
12. Weather.com
Ramalan dan Keadaan Cuaca di Kuala Lumpur - The Weather Channel | Weather.com
Ramalan cuaca hari ini dan malam ini di , keadaan cuaca dan radar Doppler daripada The Weather Channel dan Weather.com
13. Timesofindia.indiatimes.com
News: Breaking News, National news, Latest Bollywood News, Sports News, Business News and Political News | Times of India
News Today: Read Today's Live News on Sports, Business, Entertainment, Blogs and Opinions from leading columnists. Times of India brings the Breaking News and Latest News Headlines from India and around the World.
14. Economictimes.indiatimes.com
Business News Live, Share Market News - Read Latest Finance News, IPO, Mutual Funds News
Business News- Read Latest Financial news, Stock/Share Market News, Economy News, Business News on The Economic Times.  Find IPO Analysis, Mutual Funds Trends & Analysis, Gold Rate, Real Estate & more. 
15. Cnbc.com
International Business, World News & Global Stock Market Analysis
CNBC International is the world leader for news on business, technology, China, trade, oil prices, the Middle East and markets.
16. Bloomberg.com
Bloomberg - Are you a robot?
Bloomberg.com
17. Usatoday.com
USA TODAY: Latest World and US News  - USATODAY.com
USA TODAY delivers current local and national news, sports, entertainment, finance, technology, and more through award-winning journalism, photos, videos and VR.
18. Socket Timeout exception: Accuweather.comRead timed out
19. Chinadaily.com.cn
20. Reuters.com
Business & Financial News, U.S & International Breaking News  | Reuters
Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.
21. Wsj.com
The Wall Street Journal - Breaking News, Business, Financial & Economic News, World News and Video
Breaking news and analysis from the U.S. and around the world at WSJ.com. Politics, Economics, Markets, Life & Arts, and in-depth reporting.
22. Chron.com
Houston Local News, Weather, Headlines, Sports, Business, and Entertainment - The Houston Chronicle at Chron.com - Houston Chronicle
Breaking news headlines and Houston weather on Chron.com. Houston news, events, plus Astros and Rockets from the online home of the Houston Chronicle.
23. Nypost.com
Your source for breaking news, news about New York, sports, business, entertainment, opinion, real estate, culture, fashion, and more.
24. Nbcnews.com
25. Dw.com
News and current affairs from Germany and around the world | DW
News, off-beat stories and analysis of German and international affairs. Dive deeper with our features from Europe and beyond. Watch our 24/7 TV stream.
26. Usnews.com
27. Drudgereport.com
DRUDGE REPORT 2020®
28. News.com.au
news.com.au — Australia’s #1 news site
We say what people are thinking and cover the issues that get people talking balancing Australian and global moments — from politics to pop culture.
29. Wunderground.com
Local Weather Forecast, News and Conditions | Weather Underground
Weather Underground provides local & long-range weather forecasts, weather reports, maps & tropical weather conditions for locations worldwide
30. Cbsnews.com
Live, breaking news today: Latest national headlines, world news and more from CBSNews.com and watch the CBSN live news stream 24x7
Watch CBSN the live news stream from CBS News and get the latest, breaking news headlines of the day for national news and world news today.
31. Hindustantimes.com
News Headlines, English News, Today Headlines, Top Stories | Hindustan Times
News Headlines: Hindustan Times provides exclusive top stories of the day, today headlines from politics, business, technology, photos, videos, latest English news and much more
32. Indianexpress.com
Latest News, India News, Breaking News, Live News Online, Today Headline's | The Indian Express
Latest India News, Breaking News, Today Headlines, and Live News Online - Indian Express provides the latest news from India and the world. Get all exclusive Breaking News, Chandrayaan 2 News, current headlines, live news, latest news on business, sports, world, and entertainment with exclusive Opinions and Editorials.
33. Time.com
TIME | Current & Breaking News | National & World Updates
Breaking news and analysis from TIME.com. Politics, world news, photos, video, tech reviews, health, science and entertainment news.
34. Thehindu.com
The Hindu: Breaking News, India News, Sports News and Live Updates
Today's News Headlines, Breaking News & Latest News from India and World, News from Politics, Sports, Business, Arts and Entertainment
35. Weather.gov
36. Sfgate.com
SFGATE: San Francisco Bay Area - News, Bay Area news, Sports, Business, Entertainment, Classifieds - SFGate
SFGATE: Local news & information, updated weather, traffic, entertainment, celebrity news, sports scores and more.
37. Thehill.com
The Hill - covering Congress, Politics, Political Campaigns and Capitol Hill
The Hill is a top US political website, read by the White House and more lawmakers than any other site -- vital for policy, politics and election campaigns.
38. Abcnews.go.com
ABC News – Breaking News, Latest News, Headlines & Videos
Your trusted source for breaking news, analysis, exclusive interviews, headlines, and videos at ABCNews.com
39. Thedailybeast.com
The Daily Beast
A smart, speedy take on the news from around the world.
40. Newsweek.com
Newsweek - News, Analysis, Politics, Business, Technology
Newsweek provides in-depth analysis, news and opinion about international issues, technology, business, culture and politics.
41. Latimes.com
News from California, the nation and world  - Los Angeles Times
The L.A. Times is a leading source of breaking news, entertainment, sports, politics, and more for Southern California and the world.
42. Livemint.com
Business News India, LIVE BSE/NSE Sensex & Nifty, Share/Stock Market, IPO, Mutual Funds News
Business News India: Get all the LIVE Stock/Share Market News, Sensex & Nifty Data, Economy News, Finance News on Livemint. Read about Gold Price, Petrol & Diesel Price, Mutual Funds Analysis, IPO news and more.
43. Irna.ir
خبرگزاری جمهوری اسلامی
44. Theatlantic.com
45. Nationalgeographic.com
National Geographic
Explore National Geographic. A world leader in geography, cartography and exploration.
46. Alarabiya.net
Alarabiya.net
47. Euronews.com
Latest breaking news available as free video on demand | Euronews
Latest breaking news available as free video on demand. Stay informed on European and world news about economy, politics, diplomacy&hellip; with Euronews.
48. Patch.com
Patch - Everything Local: Breaking News, Events, Discussions
The best breaking news, stories, and events from the Patch network of local news sites
49. Hollywoodreporter.com
Hollywood Reporter | Entertainment News
The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs.
50. Mathrubhumi.com
