1. Stackoverflow.com
Stack Overflow - Where Developers Learn, Share, & Build Careers
Stack Overflow is the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share​ ​their programming ​knowledge, and build their careers.
2. Udemy.com
Online Courses - Learn Anything, On Your Schedule | Udemy
Udemy is an online learning and teaching marketplace with over 100,000 courses and 24 million students. Learn programming, marketing, data science and more.
3. Nlm.nih.gov
National Library of Medicine - National Institutes of Health
The National Library of Medicine (NLM), on the NIH campus in Bethesda, Maryland, is the world's largest biomedical library and the developer of electronic information services that delivers data to millions of scientists, health professionals and members of the public around the globe, every day. 
4. Archive.org
Internet Archive: Digital Library of Free & Borrowable Books, Movies, Music & Wayback Machine
Internet Archive is a non-profit digital library offering free universal access to books, movies & music, as well as 391 billion archived web pages.
5. Thesaurus.com
Thesaurus.com | Synonyms and Antonyms of Words at Thesaurus.com
Thesaurus.com is the world’s largest and most trusted free online thesaurus brought to you by Dictionary.com. For over 20 years, Thesaurus.com has been helping millions of people improve their mastery of the English language and find the precise word with over 3 million synonyms and antonyms and the ability to filter search results by relevance, word length, and complexity.
6. Goodreads.com
Goodreads | Meet your next favorite book
Find and read more books you’ll love, and keep track of the books you want to read. Be part of the world’s largest community of book lovers on Goodreads.
7. Blackboard.com
North America | Blackboard.com
Blackboard.com
8. Wordreference.com
English to French, Italian, German & Spanish Dictionary - WordReference.com
Free online dictionaries - Spanish, French, Italian, German and more. Conjugations, audio pronunciations and forums for your questions.
9. Cambridge.org
10. Mit.edu
MIT - Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Mit.edu
11. Dictionary.cambridge.org
Cambridge Dictionary | English Dictionary, Translations & Thesaurus
The most popular dictionary and thesaurus for learners of English. Meanings and definitions of words with pronunciations and translations.
12. Investopedia.com
Investopedia: Sharper insight, better investing.
Investopedia is the world&#039;s leading source of financial content on the web, ranging from market news to retirement strategies, investing education to insights from advisors.
13. Merriam-webster.com
Dictionary by Merriam-Webster: America's most-trusted online dictionary
The dictionary by Merriam-Webster is America's most trusted online dictionary for English word definitions, meanings, and pronunciation. #wordsmatter
14. Elsevier.com
Elsevier | An Information Analytics Company | Empowering Knowledge
Elsevier is a global information analytics company that helps institutions and professionals to progress science, advance healthcare and improve performance.
15. Britannica.com
16. Wiktionary.org
Wiktionary
17. Coursera.org
Coursera | Online Courses & Credentials From Top Educators. Join for Free | Coursera
Learn online and earn valuable credentials from top universities like Yale, Michigan, Stanford, and leading companies like Google and IBM. Join Coursera for free and transform your career with degrees, certificates, Specializations, & MOOCs in data science, computer science, business, and dozens of other topics.
18. Spanishdict.com
SpanishDict | English to Spanish Translation, Dictionary, Translator
The world's most popular Spanish translation website. Over 1,000,000 words and phrases. Free. Easy. Accurate.
19. Thefreedictionary.com
Dictionary, Encyclopedia and Thesaurus - The Free Dictionary
The World's most comprehensive free online dictionary, thesaurus, and encyclopedia with synonyms, definitions, idioms, abbreviations, and medical, financial, legal specialized dictionaries
20. Harvard.edu
Harvard University
Harvard University is devoted to excellence in teaching, learning, and research, and to developing leaders in many disciplines who make a difference globally. Harvard University is made up of 11 principal academic units.
21. Urbandictionary.com
Urban Dictionary, November 28: dance on the blacktop
To get stabbed, shanked or to stab someone (mostly referred in prison).
22. Ed.gov
Home | U.S. Department of Education
23. Answers.yahoo.com
Home | Yahoo Answers
Answers.yahoo.com
24. Turnitin.com
Promote Academic Integrity | Improve Student Outcomes | Turnitin
Turnitin solutions promote academic integrity, streamline grading and feedback, deter plagiarism, and improve student outcomes.
25. Thoughtco.com
ThoughtCo.com is the World's Largest Education Resource
From chemistry to computer programming, arts to World War II, ThoughtCo.com provides guides, tips, and resources to help you understand more about the world around us.
26. Stanford.edu
Stanford University
Stanford University, one of the world's leading teaching and research institutions, is dedicated to finding solutions to big challenges and to preparing students for leadership in a complex world.
27. Yourdictionary.com
Your Dictionary
28. Collegeboard.org
29. Edx.org
edX | Free Online Courses by Harvard, MIT, & more
Access 2000 free online courses from 140 leading institutions worldwide. Gain new skills and earn a certificate of completion. Join today.
30. Purdue.edu
Purdue University - Indiana's Land Grant University
Purdue University is a world-renowned, public research university that advances discoveries in science, technology, engineering and math. With its flagship campus in West Lafayette, Indiana, Purdue is a land-grant university with a system that has statewide campuses and online, adult-learning and polytechnic programs.
31. Oup.com
Oxford University Press - homepage
32. Psu.edu
Penn State-A Public Research University Serving Pennsylvania and the Global Community
Penn State is a major, public, research-I university serving Pennsylvania and the global community. Learn more about our undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral degree programs.
33. En.wiktionary.org
Wiktionary, the free dictionary
En.wiktionary.org
34. Ecollege.com
Products & Services for Institutions | Higher Education
Learn how Pearson higher education services can help institutions overcome challenges and realize opportunities for change and growth.
35. Citationmachine.net
Citation Machine: Format & Generate Citations – APA, MLA, & Chicago
Citation Machine® helps students and professionals properly credit the information that they use. Cite sources in APA, MLA, Chicago, Turabian, and Harvard for free.
36. Answers.com
Answers - The Most Trusted Place for Answering Life's Questions
Answers.com is the place to go to get the answers you need and to ask the questions you want
37. Berkeley.edu
Home | University of California, Berkeley
38. Ebscohost.com
EBSCO Information Services
EBSCO is the leading provider of research databases, e-journals, magazine subscriptions, ebooks and discovery service for academic libraries, public libraries, corporations, schools, government and medical institutions
39. Howstuffworks.com
HowStuffWorks - Learn How Everything Works!
HowStuffWorks explains thousands of topics, ranging from the flu to black holes to conspiracy theories, with video and illustrations so you can learn how everything works.
40. Linguee.com
Linguee | Dictionary for German, French, Spanish, and more
English Dictionary and Translation Search with 1,000,000,000 example sentences from human translators. Languages: English, German, French, Spanish, and Portuguese
41. Whitepages.com
Whitepages.com
42. Cornell.edu
Cornell University
Cornell University is a private research university that provides an exceptional education for undergraduates and graduate and professional students. Cornell's colleges and schools encompass more than 100 fields of study, with locations in Ithaca, New York, New York City and Doha, Qatar.
43. Dict.cc
44. Mapquest.com
Official MapQuest - Maps, Driving Directions, Live Traffic
Official MapQuest website, find driving directions, maps, live traffic updates and road conditions.  Find nearby businesses, restaurants and hotels. Explore!
45. Columbia.edu
Columbia University in the City of New York
Columbia.edu
46. Brainyquote.com
Famous Quotes at BrainyQuote
Share our collection of inspirational and famous quotes by authors you know and love. Share our Quotes of the Day on the web, Facebook, Twitter, and blogs.
47. Faradars.org
فرادرس - بزرگترین منبع فیلم های آموزشی دانشگاهی و مهندسی
بزرگ ترین پروژه آموزش آنلاین ایران - ارائه آموزش‌های ویدئویی و فیلم‌های آموزشی هوش مصنوعی، مهندسی کامپیوتر، برق، مکانیک، عمران، صنایع و سایر رشته‌های مهندسی
48. Nyu.edu
NYU
49. Dict.leo.org
Englisch ⇔ Deutsch Wörterbuch - leo.org: Startseite
LEO.org: Ihr Wörterbuch im Internet für Englisch-Deutsch Übersetzungen, mit Forum, Vokabeltrainer und Sprachkursen. Im Web und als APP.
50. Wisc.edu
University of Wisconsin–Madison
The University of Wisconsin–Madison is a public land-grant university and prolific research institution. Our students, staff, and faculty members partake in a world-class education and solve real-world problems.
