1. Google.com
Google
Google.com
2. Yahoo.com
Yahoo Malaysia | News and Lifestyle
Go beyond news and email. Also get lifestyle and other fresh content daily. See now.
3. Amazon.com
Amazon.com: Online Shopping for Electronics, Apparel, Computers, Books, DVDs & more
Free One-Day Delivery on millions of items with Prime. Low prices across earth's biggest selection of books, music, DVDs, electronics, computers, software, apparel & accessories, shoes, jewelry, tools & hardware, housewares, furniture, sporting goods, beauty & personal care, groceries & just about anything else.
4. Microsoft.com
Microsoft - Official Home Page
At Microsoft our mission and values are to help people and businesses throughout the world realize their full potential.
5. Amazon.co.jp
Amazon | 本, ファッション, 家電から食品まで | アマゾン
Amazon.co.jp 公式サイト。お急ぎ便ご利用で当日・翌日にお届け。アマゾンで本, 日用品, ファッション, 食品, ベビー用品, カー用品ほか一億種の商品をいつでもお安く。通常配送無料(一部を除く)
6. Apple.com
Apple
Discover the innovative world of Apple and shop everything iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Mac, and Apple TV, plus explore accessories, entertainment, and expert device support.
7. Google.co.in
Google
Google.co.in
8. Adobe.com
Adobe: Creative, marketing and document management solutions
Adobe is changing the world through digital experiences. We help our customers create, deliver and optimize content and applications.
9. Amazon.co.uk
Amazon.co.uk: Low Prices in Electronics, Books, Sports Equipment & more
Sign up to Amazon Prime for unlimited One-Day Delivery. Low prices at Amazon on digital cameras, MP3, sports, books, music, DVDs, video games, home & garden and much more.
10. Nytimes.com
The New York Times - Breaking News, World News & Multimedia
The New York Times: Find breaking news, multimedia, reviews & opinion on Washington, business, sports, movies, travel, books, jobs, education, real estate, cars & more at nytimes.com.
11. Bbc.co.uk
BBC - Home
The best of the BBC, with the latest news and sport headlines, weather, TV & radio highlights and much more from across the whole of BBC Online
12. Nih.gov
National Institutes of Health (NIH) | Turning Discovery Into Health
Official website of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). NIH is one of the world's foremost medical research centers. An agency of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the NIH is the Federal focal point for health and medical research. The NIH website offers health information for the public, scientists, researchers, medical professionals, patients, educators,
13. Walmart.com
Walmart.com | Save Money. Live Better.
Shop Walmart.com for Every Day Low Prices. Free Shipping on Orders $35+ or Pickup In-Store and get a Pickup Discount. Open a Walmart Credit Card to Save Even More!
14. Chase.com
15. Theguardian.com
News, sport and opinion from the Guardian's global edition | The Guardian
Latest international news, sport and comment from the Guardian
16. Alibaba.com
Alibaba.com: Manufacturers, Suppliers, Exporters & Importers from the world's largest online B2B marketplace
Find quality Manufacturers, Suppliers, Exporters, Importers, Buyers, Wholesalers, Products and Trade Leads from our award-winning International Trade Site. Import &amp; Export on alibaba.com
17. Flipkart.com
Online Shopping Site for Mobiles, Electronics, Furniture, Grocery, Lifestyle, Books & More. Best Offers!
India's biggest online store for Mobiles, Fashion (Clothes/Shoes), Electronics, Home Appliances, Books, Jewelry, Home, Furniture, Sporting goods, Beauty & Personal Care, Grocery and more! Find the largest selection from all brands at the lowest prices in India. Payment options - COD, EMI, Credit card, Debit card & more.
18. Indiatimes.com
Trending stories on Indian Lifestyle, Culture, Relationships, Food, Travel, Entertainment, News and New Technology News - Indiatimes.com
Indiatimes.com brings you the news, articles, stories and videos on entertainment, latest lifestyle, culture and new technologies emerging worldwide.
19. Google.co.uk
Google
Google.co.uk
20. Bestbuy.com
21. Nlm.nih.gov
National Library of Medicine - National Institutes of Health
The National Library of Medicine (NLM), on the NIH campus in Bethesda, Maryland, is the world's largest biomedical library and the developer of electronic information services that delivers data to millions of scientists, health professionals and members of the public around the globe, every day. 
22. Bet365.com
23. Amazon.ca
Amazon.ca: Low Prices – Fast Shipping – Millions of Items
Canada’s largest online retailer. Free Shipping on eligible orders. Easy Returns. Shop now for Electronics, Books, Apparel & much more. Try Prime for free.
24. Zillow.com
Zillow.com
25. Ebay.co.uk
Electronics, Cars, Fashion, Collectibles, Coupons and More | eBay
Buy and sell electronics, cars, fashion apparel, collectibles, sporting goods, digital cameras, baby items, coupons, and everything else on eBay, the world's online marketplace
26. Wellsfargo.com
Wells Fargo – Banking, Credit Cards, Loans, Mortgages & More
Wells Fargo: Provider of banking, mortgage, investing, credit card, and personal, small business, and commercial financial services. Learn more.
27. Asos.com
28. Ikea.com
29. Dailymail.co.uk
UK Home | Daily Mail Online
MailOnline - get the latest breaking news, showbiz & celebrity photos, sport news & rumours, viral videos and top stories from MailOnline, Daily Mail and Mail on Sunday newspapers.
30. Weather.com
Ramalan dan Keadaan Cuaca di Kuala Lumpur - The Weather Channel | Weather.com
Ramalan cuaca hari ini dan malam ini di , keadaan cuaca dan radar Doppler daripada The Weather Channel dan Weather.com
31. Tripadvisor.com
TripAdvisor: Read Reviews, Compare Prices & Book
World's largest travel platform. Browse hundreds of millions of traveler reviews and opinions. Compare low prices on hotels, flights, and cruises. Book popular tours and attractions as well as reserve tables at great restaurants.
32. Icicibank.com
Personal Banking, Online Banking Services - ICICI Bank
Welcome to ICICI Bank, Ideal destination for Personal Banking need! We offer a wide range of personal banking services including loans, credit cards, savings account, fixed deposits and insurance to meet your personal needs.
33. Ndtv.com
NDTV: Latest News, India News, Breaking News, Business, Bollywood, Cricket, Videos
        & Photos
NDTV.com provides latest news from India and the world. Get today’s news headlines from Business, Technology, Bollywood, Cricket, videos, photos, live news coverage and exclusive breaking news from India.
34. Target.com
Target : Black Friday 2019 Deals
Shop Target's Black Friday 2019 deals for amazing savings on electronics, toys, home goods, apparel and more. Free two-day shipping on all purchases or pick-up in store.
35. Ups.com
Global Home: UPS - United States
36. Usps.com
Welcome | USPS
Welcome to USPS.com. Find information on our most convenient and affordable shipping and mailing services. Use our quick tools to find locations, calculate prices, look up a ZIP Code, and get Track & Confirm info.
37. Americanexpress.com
American Express Credit Cards, Rewards, Travel and Business Services
American Express offers world-class Charge and Credit Cards, Gift Cards, Rewards, Travel, Personal Savings, Business Services, Insurance and more.
38. Homedepot.com
Black Friday Savings 2019
39. Samsung.com
Samsung Malaysia | Smartphones, TVs, Home Appliances & Other Consumer Electronics
Samsung Malaysia lets you discover the latest & best products in smartphones, tablets, wearables, TVs, home appliances & other consumer electronics categories. Shop the entire range of mobile devices, TVs, home appliances & other consumer electronics online at Samsung Malaysia at the best price in Malaysia.
40. Cambridge.org
41. Fedex.com
FedEx Global Home - Select Your Location
Welcome to FedEx.com - Select your location to find services for shipping your package, package tracking, shipping rates, and tools to support shippers and small businesses
42. Google.com.au
Google
Google.com.au
43. Hp.com
44. Economictimes.indiatimes.com
Business News Live, Share Market News - Read Latest Finance News, IPO, Mutual Funds News
Business News- Read Latest Financial news, Stock/Share Market News, Economy News, Business News on The Economic Times.  Find IPO Analysis, Mutual Funds Trends & Analysis, Gold Rate, Real Estate & more. 
45. Irctc.co.in
IRCTC Next Generation eTicketing System
IRCTC Next Generation eTicketing System
46. Rt.com
RT - Breaking news, shows, podcasts
RT is the first Russian 24/7 English-language news channel which brings the Russian view on global news.
47. Xfinity.com
Digital Cable TV, Internet and Home Phone | XFINITY
Save on XFINITY Digital Cable TV, High Speed Internet and Home Phone Services. Enjoy entertainment your way with great deals on XFINITY by Comcast.
48. Naukri.com
Naukri reCAPTCHA
Naukri.com
49. Aol.com
50. State.gov
U.S. Department of State - United States Department of State
State.gov
