1. Translate.google.com
Google Translate
Google's free service instantly translates words, phrases, and web pages between English and over 100 other languages.
2. Researchgate.net
ResearchGate | Find and share research
Access 130+ million publications and connect with 15+ million researchers. Join for free and gain visibility by uploading your research.
3. Ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
National Center for Biotechnology Information
Ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
4. Sciencedirect.com
ScienceDirect.com | Science, health and medical journals, full text articles and books.
ScienceDirect
Elsevier
ScienceDirect is the world's leading source for scientific, technical, and medical research. Explore journals, books and articles.
5. Reverso.net
6. Coinmarketcap.com
Cryptocurrency Market Capitalizations | CoinMarketCap
Cryptocurrency market cap rankings, charts, and more
7. Elsevier.com
Elsevier | An Information Analytics Company | Empowering Knowledge
Elsevier is a global information analytics company that helps institutions and professionals to progress science, advance healthcare and improve performance.
8. Duolingo.com
Duolingo
Duolingo is the world's most popular way to learn a language. It's 100% free, fun and science-based. Practice online on duolingo.com or on the apps!
9. Timeanddate.com
Current Time (World Clock) and online and printable Calendars for countries worldwide. Find the best time for web meetings (Meeting Planner) or use the Time and Date Converters. Online services and Apps available for iPhone, iPad, and Android. 
10. Autodesk.com
Autodesk | 3D Design, Engineering & Construction Software
Autodesk builds software that helps people imagine, design, and make a better world. 
11. Mayoclinic.org
Mayo Clinic - Mayo Clinic
Seamless care that revolves around you: more than 4,700 physicians and scientists collaborate across Mayo Clinic campuses in Arizona, Florida and Minnesota. U.S. News & World Report ranks Mayo Clinic as the #1 hospital overall and #1 in more specialties than any other hospital in the nation.
12. Urbandictionary.com
Urban Dictionary, November 28: dance on the blacktop
To get stabbed, shanked or to stab someone (mostly referred in prison).
13. Jstor.org
JSTOR
JSTOR is a digital library of academic journals, books, and primary sources.
14. Ted.com
TED: Ideas worth spreading
TED Talks are influential videos from expert speakers on education, business, science, tech and creativity, with subtitles in 100+ languages. Ideas free to stream and download.
15. Nature.com
First published in 1869, Nature is the world’s leading multidisciplinary science journal. Nature publishes the finest peer-reviewed research that drives ground-breaking discovery, and is read by thought-leaders and decision-makers around the world.
16. Ieee.org
17. Weather.gov
National Weather Service
Weather.gov
18. Symbolab.com
Symbolab Math Solver - Step by Step calculator
Symbolab: equation search and  math solver - solves algebra, trigonometry and calculus problems step by step
19. Mathworks.com
MathWorks - Makers of MATLAB and Simulink - MATLAB & Simulink
MathWorks develops, sells, and supports MATLAB and Simulink products.
20. Berkeley.edu
Home | University of California, Berkeley
21. Arxiv.org
22. Howstuffworks.com
HowStuffWorks - Learn How Everything Works!
HowStuffWorks explains thousands of topics, ranging from the flu to black holes to conspiracy theories, with video and illustrations so you can learn how everything works.
23. Noaa.gov
24. Nationalgeographic.com
National Geographic
Explore National Geographic. A world leader in geography, cartography and exploration.
25. Fao.org
26. Acs.org
American Chemical Society
American Chemical Society: Chemistry for Life.
27. Livescience.com
Live Science: The Most Interesting Articles, Mysteries & Discoveries
Live Science features groundbreaking developments in science, space, technology, health, the environment, our culture and history. 
28. Colorado.edu
29. Desmos.com
30. Calculatorsoup.com
Calculator Soup - Online Calculators
Free Online Calculator for finance, math, algebra, trigonometry, fractions, physics, statistics, technology, time and more. Use an online calculator for free, search or suggest a new calculator that we can build. Conversions and calculators to use online for free.
31. Biomedcentral.com
BMC, research in progress
Biomedcentral.com
32. Sciencedaily.com
ScienceDaily: Your source for the latest research news
Breaking science news and articles on global warming, extrasolar planets, stem cells, bird flu, autism, nanotechnology, dinosaurs, evolution -- the latest discoveries in astronomy, anthropology, biology, chemistry, climate & environment, computers, engineering, health & medicine, math, physics, psychology, technology, and more -- from the world's leading universities and research organizations.
33. Economist.com
The Economist - World News, Politics, Economics, Business & Finance
34. Bom.gov.au
35. Usgs.gov
USGS.gov | Science for a changing world
Usgs.gov
36. Mdpi.com
MDPI - Publisher of Open Access Journals
MDPI is a publisher of peer-reviewed, open access journals since its establishment in 1996.
37. Rsc.org
The Royal Society of Chemistry
Advancing excellence, connecting chemical scientists and shaping the future of the chemical sciences for the benefit of humanity.
38. Usda.gov
39. Hindawi.com
40. Sciencemag.org
41. Frontiersin.org
Frontiers | Peer Reviewed Articles - Open Access Journals
Open-access publisher of peer-reviewed scientific articles across the entire spectrum of academia. Research network for academics to stay up-to-date with the latest scientific publications, events, blogs and news.
42. Hse.ru
HSE University
vision
HSE is one of the top universities in Russia and the leader in Eastern Europe and Eurasia in economics and social sciences
43. Apa.org
44. He.wikipedia.org
ויקיפדיה
45. Nps.gov
NPS.gov Homepage (U.S. National Park Service)
The National Park Service cares for special places saved by the American people so that all may experience our heritage.
46. Plos.org
47. Italki.com
italki: Learn a language online
48. Space.com
Space.com: NASA, Space Exploration and Astronomy News
Get the latest space exploration, innovation and astronomy news. Space.com celebrates humanity's ongoing expansion across the final frontier. 
49. Wolfram.com
50. Scientificamerican.com
Science News, Articles, and Information - Scientific American
Scientific American is the essential guide to the most awe-inspiring advances in science and technology, explaining how they change our understanding of the world and shape our lives.
