1. Amazon.com
Amazon.com: Online Shopping for Electronics, Apparel, Computers, Books, DVDs & more
Free One-Day Delivery on millions of items with Prime. Low prices across earth's biggest selection of books, music, DVDs, electronics, computers, software, apparel & accessories, shoes, jewelry, tools & hardware, housewares, furniture, sporting goods, beauty & personal care, groceries & just about anything else.
2. Netflix.com
Netflix Malaysia - Watch TV Shows Online, Watch Movies Online
Watch Netflix movies & TV shows online or stream right to your smart TV, game console, PC, Mac, mobile, tablet and more.
3. Ebay.com
Electronics, Cars, Fashion, Collectibles, Coupons and More | eBay
Buy and sell electronics, cars, fashion apparel, collectibles, sporting goods, digital cameras, baby items, coupons, and everything else on eBay, the world's online marketplace
4. Amazon.co.uk
Amazon.co.uk: Low Prices in Electronics, Books, Sports Equipment & more
Sign up to Amazon Prime for unlimited One-Day Delivery. Low prices at Amazon on digital cameras, MP3, sports, books, music, DVDs, video games, home & garden and much more.
5. Walmart.com
Walmart.com | Save Money. Live Better.
Shop Walmart.com for Every Day Low Prices. Free Shipping on Orders $35+ or Pickup In-Store and get a Pickup Discount. Open a Walmart Credit Card to Save Even More!
6. Etsy.com
Etsy - Shop for handmade, vintage, custom, and unique gifts for everyone
Find the perfect handmade gift, vintage & on-trend clothes, unique jewelry, and more… lots more.
7. Bestbuy.com
8. Ikea.com
9. Target.com
Target : Black Friday 2019 Deals
Shop Target's Black Friday 2019 deals for amazing savings on electronics, toys, home goods, apparel and more. Free two-day shipping on all purchases or pick-up in store.
10. Store.steampowered.com
Welcome to Steam
The Steam Autumn Sale is on now!  Find great deals on thousands of games! Plus, nominate your favorite games for the 2019 Steam Awards.
11. Homedepot.com
Black Friday Savings 2019
12. Cambridge.org
13. Rakuten.com
Shop. Earn. Get Cash Back. | Rakuten
Shop smarter with Rakuten: Earn Cash Back at 2,500+ stores or shop the marketplace for electronics, clothing, games, sporting goods, and more.
14. Nike.com
Nike. Just Do It. Nike.com MY
Inspiring the world's athletes, Nike delivers innovative products, experiences and services.
15. Macys.com
16. Hm.com
H&M offers fashion and quality at the best price
Welcome to H&M, your shopping destination for fashion online. We offer fashion and quality at the best price in a more sustainable way.
17. Costco.com
18. Wayfair.com
Wayfair.com - Online Home Store for Furniture, Decor, Outdoors & More
Shop  for A Zillion Things Home across all styles and budgets. 5,000 brands of furniture, lighting, cookware, and more. Free Shipping on most items.
19. Wiley.com
Homepage | Wiley
20. Kohls.com
21. Newegg.com
Computer Parts, PC Components, Laptop Computers, LED LCD TV, Digital Cameras and more - Newegg.com
Newegg.com offers the best prices on computer products, laptop computers, LED LCD TVs, digital cameras, electronics, unlocked phones, office supplies, and more with fast shipping and top-rated customer service. Newegg shopping upgraded ™
22. Bhphotovideo.com
B&H Photo Video Digital Cameras, Photography, Camcorders
Shop Digital Cameras, 35MM Camera Equipment, Photography, Photo Printers, Computers, Home Theater, Authorized Dealer Canon, Sony, Nikon, Apple, Olympus, Panasonic, Kodak, JBL
23. Groupon.com
Groupon® Official Site | Online Shopping Deals and Coupons | Save Up to 70% off
Discover & Save with Over 300k of the Best Deals and Things to Do Near You. Shopping online is easy - buy coupon deals now and instantly redeem your discount online or in-person with our app.
24. Ticketmaster.com
Ticketmaster: Buy Verified Tickets for Concerts, Sports, Theater and Events
Buy tickets concerts, sports, arts, theater and other events. Find more tickets in store than ever before directly from venue and other fans with the guarantee the seat you buy is the seat you get only at Ticketmaster.com.
25. Lowes.com
Lowe's Home Improvement
Start with Lowe's for the best 2019 Black Friday Deals on appliances, tools, home décor, furniture and more. Shop Online or In-Store today.
26. Iherb.com
iHerb.com - Vitamins, Supplements & Natural Health Products
30,000+ top-rated healthy products; with discount shipping, incredible values and customer rewards.
27. Nordstrom.com
28. Gap.com
29. Shutterfly.com
Photo Books, Holiday Cards, Photo Cards, Birth Announcements, Photo Printing | Shutterfly
Create photo books, personalize photo cards & stationery, and share photos with family and friends at Shutterfly.com.
30. Yoox.com
YOOX | Shop Fashion / Design+Art
Discover a wide array of products by the best Italian and international designers on YOOX. Fast delivery and secure payments. 
31. Sephora.com
Cosmetics, Beauty Products, Fragrances & Tools | Sephora
Discover the latest in beauty at Sephora. Explore our unrivaled selection of makeup, skin care, fragrance and more from classic and emerging brands 
32. Oup.com
Oxford University Press - homepage
33. Zappos.com
Shoes, Sneakers, Boots, & Clothing + FREE SHIPPING | Zappos.com
GET FREE SHIPPING & RETURNS! We have 1000s of styles of shoes & Zappos legendary 365-day return policy + 24/7 friendly customer service. Call 1-800-92
34. Redbubble.com
Awesome products designed by independent artists | Redbubble
Over 700,000 creatives worldwide making things like shirts, stickers, phone cases, and pillows weirdly meaningful. Find your thing or open your own shop.
35. Autotrader.com
Autotrader - page unavailable
Autotrader.com
36. Cargurus.com
Used Cars, New Cars, Reviews, Photos and Opinions - CarGurus
Unbiased car reviews and over a million opinions and photos from real people. Use CarGurus to find the best used car deals.
37. Walgreens.com
Walgreens. Trusted Since 1901.
Walgreens is your home for Pharmacy, Photo and Health & Wellness products. Refill your prescriptions online, create memories with Walgreens Photo, and shop products for home delivery or Ship to Store. Walgreens. Trusted Since 1901.
38. Cars.com
New Cars, Used Cars, Car Dealers, Prices & Reviews | Cars.com
Shop new & used cars, research & compare models, find local dealers/sellers, calculate payments, value your car, sell/trade in your car & more at Cars.com.
39. Overstock.com
Overstock.com: Online Shopping - Bedding, Furniture, Electronics, Jewelry, Clothing & more
Purchase name brands at clearance prices at Overstock.com!  Buy discounted name brand Bedding, Furniture, Jewelry, Watches, Electronics, Clothing, Books, Movies, and Music for the lowest prices every day.
40. Samsclub.com
Sam's Club: Find Wholesale Clubs Near You or Shop Online
Samsclub.com
41. Humblebundle.com
Humble Bundle | game bundles, book bundles, software bundles, and more
Humble Bundle sells games, books, software, and more. Our mission is to support charity while providing awesome content to customers at great prices. Since 2010, Humble Bundle customers have given over $156,000,000 to charity.
42. Bedbathandbeyond.com
Bedbathandbeyond.com
43. Jcpenney.com
We Are Currently Unable to Provide a Shopping Experience for this Country
Jcpenney.com
44. Rei.com
45. 6pm.com
Discount Shoes, Clothing & Accessories | 6pm
Shop for brands you love on sale. Discounted shoes, clothing, accessories and more at 6pm.com! Score on the Style, Score on the Price.
46. Gamestop.com
47. Bodybuilding.com
Bodybuilding.com - Huge Online Supplement Store & Fitness Community!
The largest selection of fitness articles, exercises, workouts, supplements, & community to help you reach your goals!
48. Barnesandnoble.com
Online Bookstore: Books, NOOK ebooks, Music, Movies & Toys | Barnes & Noble®
Barnes & Noble’s online bookstore for books, NOOK ebooks & magazines. Shop music, movies, toys & games, too. Receive free shipping with your B&N Membership.
49. Dickssportinggoods.com
50. Sky.com
