1. Nih.gov
National Institutes of Health (NIH) | Turning Discovery Into Health
Official website of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). NIH is one of the world's foremost medical research centers. An agency of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the NIH is the Federal focal point for health and medical research. The NIH website offers health information for the public, scientists, researchers, medical professionals, patients, educators,
2. Patreon.com
Best way for artists and creators to get sustainable income and connect with fans | Patreon
Patreon is a membership platform that makes it easy for artists
    and creators to get paid. Join over 100,000 creators earning salaries from over
    2 million monthly patrons.    
3. State.gov
U.S. Department of State - United States Department of State
State.gov
4. Europa.eu
EUROPA - European Union website, the official EU website
European Union website - EUROPA is the official EU website that provides access to information published by all EU institutions, agencies and bodies.
5. Jw.org
Jehovah’s Witnesses—Official Website: jw.org
Jehovah’s Witnesses: Our official website provides online access to the Bible, Bible-based publications, and current news. It describes our beliefs and organization.
6. Biblegateway.com
BibleGateway.com: A searchable online Bible in over 150 versions and 50 languages.
Read, hear, and study Scripture at the world's most-visited Christian website. Grow your faith with devotionals, Bible reading plans, and mobile apps.
7. Siteadvisor.com
Search confidently, browse safely | McAfee WebAdvisor
Browse confidently and steer clear of online dangers like malware, phishing and malicious downloads.
8. Answers.yahoo.com
Home | Yahoo Answers
Answers.yahoo.com
9. Irs.gov
Internal Revenue Service | An official website of the United States government
10. Correios.com.br
Correios: encomendas, rastreamento, telegramas, cep, cartas, selos, agências e mais!
11. Who.int
WHO | World Health Organization
WHO's primary role is to direct international health within the United Nations' system and to lead partners in global health responses.
12. Ancestry.com
Ancestry® | Genealogy, Family Trees & Family History Records
Discover your family history and start your family tree. Try free and access billions of genealogy records including Census, SSDI & Military records.
13. Collegeboard.org
14. Post.japanpost.jp
Post.japanpost.jp
15. Un.org
16. Ec.europa.eu
European Commission | Choose your language | Choisir une langue | Wählen Sie eine Sprache
-
17. Fao.org
18. Worldbank.org
19. Cosmopolitan.com
20. Slate.com
Slate Magazine - Politics, Business, Technology, and the Arts
Online magazine of news, politics, technology, and culture. Combines humor and insight in thoughtful analyses of current events and political news.
21. Match.com
Match.com® | The Leading Online Dating Site for Singles & Personals : Match
Match.com is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, & more marriages than any other dating or personals site.
22. Esquire.com
23. Legacy.com
24. Biblehub.com
Bible Hub: Search, Read, Study the Bible in Many Languages
Online Bible Study Suite. Topical, Greek and Hebrew study tools, plus concordances, commentaries, sermons and devotionals.
25. Ssa.gov
The United States Social Security Administration
Official website of the U.S. Social Security Administration.
26. Change.org
Change.org · The world’s platform for change
Change.org
27. Bbb.org
BBB: Start with Trust® | Better Business Bureau®
Better Business Bureau helps United States, Canada, and Mexico consumers find businesses and charities they can trust. Find trusted BBB ratings, customer reviews, contact your local BBB, file a complaint, report a scam, read consumer news tips, BBB Auto Line, BBB Military Line.
28. Auspost.com.au
Personal, Business, Enterprise & Government solutions - Australia Post
Australia Post provides reliable and affordable postal, retail, financial and travel services. 
29. Royalmail.com
30. Sulekha.com
Sulekha - Connect with the right service experts
Get your job done on Sulekha. Book a pest control service, hire a driver, find suitable packers and movers, sign up a corporate event organizer, compare and hire a wedding caterer or buy a home.  Do this and much more with Sulekha. Tell us and relax!
31. Biography.com
Famous Biographies & TV Shows
Explore Bio.com, your source for true stories about notable people. Watch full episodes, read exclusive biographies and discover the unexpected ways you're connected to your favorite celebrities.
32. Ato.gov.au
Home page | Australian Taxation Office
The ATO is the Government’s principal revenue collection agency. Our role is to manage and shape the tax, excise and superannuation systems that fund services for Australians.
33. Complex.com
34. Unesco.org
35. Thrillist.com
36. Familysearch.org
Free Family History and Genealogy Records — FamilySearch.org
Discover your family history. Explore the world’s largest collection of free family trees, genealogy records and resources.
37. Expatriates.com
38. Va.gov
VA.gov Home | Veterans Affairs
Apply for and manage the VA benefits and services you’ve earned as a Veteran, Servicemember, or family member—like health care, disability, education, and more.
39. Infowars.com
Alex Jones' Infowars: There's a war on for your mind!
40. Aarp.org
AARP® Official Site - Join & Explore the Benefits
AARP is the nation's largest nonprofit, nonpartisan organization dedicated to empowering Americans 50 and older to choose how they live as they age.
41. Interpals.net
InterPals: Meet the World. Make friends, travel and learn languages today!
InterPals is a friendly community of over 5 million friends, language learners,
    travelers and penpals. Use InterPals to meet people and travelers from other countries, practice languages with native speakers,
    make new friends and make your world more connected and fun!
    Learn English, Spanish, German, French, Chinese and more.
42. Companieshouse.gov.uk
Companies House  - GOV.UK
We incorporate and dissolve limited companies. We register company information and make it available to the public. Companies House is an executive agency, sponsored by the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy .
43. Snopes.com
Snopes.com - The definitive fact-checking site and reference source for urban legends, folklore, myths, rumors, and misinformation.
The definitive Internet reference source for urban legends, folklore, myths, rumors, and misinformation.
44. Salon.com
Salon.com | News, Politics, Business, Technology & Culture
 Award-winning news and culture, features breaking
                                           news, in-depth reporting and criticism on politics, business,
                                           entertainment and technology.
                                         
45. Sec.gov
SEC.gov | HOME
46. Plos.org
47. Soompi.com
Soompi - Breaking K-Pop and K-Drama News, Exclusives, and Videos
Breaking K-Pop and K-Drama News, Exclusives, and Videos
48. Hi5.com
Tagged - Rangkaian sosial untuk bertemu rakan baru
Tagged membolehkan anda bertemu dan bersosial dengan rakan baru melalui permainan, minat yang sama, cadangan rakan, semak imbas profil, dan banyak lagi.
49. Weforum.org
50. Digg.com
Digg - What the Internet is talking about right now
Digg is the homepage of the internet, featuring the best articles, videos, and original content that the web is talking about right now.
