1. Espn.com
ESPN: Serving sports fans. Anytime. Anywhere.
Visit ESPN to get up-to-the-minute sports news coverage, scores, highlights and commentary for NFL, MLB, NBA, College Football, NCAA Basketball and more.
2. Cricbuzz.com
Cricket Score, Schedule, Latest News, Stats & Videos | Cricbuzz.com
Get Live Cricket Score, Scorecard, Schedules of International and Domestic cricket matches along with Latest News, Videos and ICC Cricket Rankings of Players on Cricbuzz.
3. Sports.yahoo.com
Yahoo! Sports - News, Scores, Standings, Rumors, Fantasy Games
Yahoo! Sports - Comprehensive  news, scores, standings, fantasy games, rumors, and more
4. Football.fantasysports.yahoo.com
5. Espncricinfo.com
Check Live Cricket Scores, Match Schedules, News, Cricket Videos Online | ESPNcricinfo.com
Find Live Cricket Scores, Match updates, Fixtures, Results, News, Articles, Video highlights only at ESPNcricinfo. Read Ball by Ball Commentary, Series schedule of all ICC International & Domestic Cricket Team Matches Online.
6. Nfl.com
NFL.com - Official Site of the National Football League | NFL.com
The official source for NFL news, video highlights, fantasy football, game-day coverage, schedules, stats, scores and more.
7. Nba.com
The official site of the NBA | NBA.com
The official site of the National Basketball Association. Your home for scores, schedules, stats, news, NBA League Pass, NBA TV, video highlights, fantasy, rankings and more for NBA players and teams.
8. Cbssports.com
CBS Sports - News, Live Scores, Schedules, Fantasy Games, Video and more. - CBSSports.com
CBS Sports features live scoring, news, stats, and player info for NFL football, MLB baseball, NBA basketball, NHL hockey, college basketball and football.
9. Livescore.com
Live Soccer Scores and Sport Results | LiveScore.com
Visit the official LiveScore site for live soccer scores from across the world. Get livescores, cup results, fixtures, league tables, statistics and more.
10. Flashscore.com
FlashScore.com: Live Football Scores, Livescore
Football live scores and results service on Flash Score offers scores from 1000+ football leagues. Livescore, results, standings, lineups and match details.
11. Bleacherreport.com
Bleacher Report | Sports. Highlights. News. Now.
Sports journalists and bloggers covering NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, MMA, college football and basketball, NASCAR, fantasy sports and more. News, photos, mock drafts, game scores, player profiles and more!
12. Premierleague.com
Premier League Football News, Fixtures, Scores & Results
For all the latest Premier League news, visit the official website of the Premier League.
13. Nhl.com
14. Strava.com
Strava | Run and Cycling Tracking on the Social Network for Athletes
Designed by athletes, for athletes, Strava’s mobile app and website connect millions of runners and cyclists through the sports they love.
15. Goal.com
Football News, Live Scores, Results & Transfers | Goal.com Malaysia
The latest football news, live scores, results, rumours, transfers, fixtures, tables and player profiles from around the world, including Super League.
16. Nbcsports.com
NBC Sports | Live Streams, Video, News, Schedules, Scores and more
Watch the NFL's Sunday Night Football, NASCAR, the NHL, Premier League and much more. Live stream, watch highlights, get scores, see schedules, check standings and fantasy news on NBCSports.com
17. Skysports.com
18. Rei.com
19. Fantasy.nfl.com
Free Fantasy Football - NFL.com
Play the official free fantasy football game of the NFL. Enjoy exclusive instant video highlights, free live scoring, custom leagues and more.
20. Filgoal.com
FilGoal | فى الجول | الموقع الرياضى الرائد فى مصر و الوطن العربى
في الجول - FilGoal أشهر وأسرع موقع رياضي مصري وعربي ، تغطية إخبارية متميزة لكافة الأحداث الرياضية في مصر والعالم ، انفرادات الدورى الأهلي والزمالك ، نتائج ، جداول ، إحصائيات ، صور ، معلومات ، مسابقات وأخبار الأهلى والزمالك والإسماعيلى ومتابعة أخبار الدورى الإنجليزى والألمانى وأخبار الدوري الإيطالي والأسبانى والفرنسي وتغطية كأس الأمم الأوروبية وكأس الأمم الأفريقية وكأس أسيا
21. Basketball-reference.com
Basketball Statistics and History | Basketball-Reference.com
Basketball Statistics and History
22. Formula1.com
The official home of Formula 1® | F1.com
Enter the world of Formula 1. Your go-to source for the latest F1 news, video highlights, GP results, live timing, in-depth analysis and expert commentary.
23. Soccerway.com
Live scores, results, fixtures, tables, statistics and news - Soccerway
Live scores, results, fixtures, tables, statistics and news - Soccerway
24. Rotoworld.com
Rotoworld fantasy sports news and analysis for NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, CFB, Golf, EPL and NASCAR
Rotoworld fantasy sports news and analysis for NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, CFB, Golf, EPL and NASCAR
25. Foxsports.com
Latest Sports News, Live Scores, Fixtures and Results | FOX Sports Asia
FOX Sports Asia is the home for LIVE coverage of all your favourite sports including Asian Football, Bundesliga, F1, MotoGP, tennis and much more.
26. Maxpreps.com
High School Sports - MaxPreps
MaxPreps is America's source for high school sports. Find rankings, stat leaderboards, schedules and scores of your high school teams and players. Sports coverage includes Football, Basketball, and many more High School sports.
27. Rivals.com
Rivals.com
The definitive source for all Rivals news.
28. Sbnation.com
SBNation.com | Sports news, video, live coverage, community
Come fan with us. SB Nation is the largest independent sports media brand, consisting of SBNation.com, MMAFighting.com and over 300 fan-centric team communities.
29. Si.com
30. Hkjc.com
31. Uefa.com
The official website for European football | UEFA.com
UEFA.com is the official site of UEFA, the Union of European Football Associations, and the governing body of football in Europe. UEFA works to promote, protect and develop European football across its 55 member associations and organises some of the world’s most famous football competitions, including the UEFA Champions League, UEFA Women’s Champions League, the UEFA Europa League, UEFA EURO and many more. The site features the latest European football news, goals, an extensive archive of video and stats, as well as insights into how the organisation works, including information on financial fair play, how UEFA supports grassroots football and the UEFA HatTrick funding scheme.
32. Motorsport.com
Motorsport.com: F1 News, MotoGP, NASCAR, Rallying and more
View the latest auto racing results, news and driver standings. We cover Formula 1, MotoGP, NASCAR, Indycar and all other driving categories.
33. Wwe.com
WWE News, Results, Photos & Video - Official Site | WWE
The official home of the latest WWE news, results and events. Get breaking news, photos, and video of your favorite WWE Superstars.
34. Fifa.com
FIFA - FIFA.com
The official site of the international governing body of football with news, national associations, competitions, results, fixtures, development, organisation, world rankings, statistics, the International Football Association Board, history, laws of the game, futsal, publications, downloads, and contact details.
35. Tsn.ca
36. Baseball-reference.com
MLB Stats, Scores, History, & Records | Baseball-Reference.com
Complete source for baseball history including complete major league player, team, and league stats, awards, records, leaders, rookies and scores.
37. Eurosport.com
38. Profootballtalk.nbcsports.com
ProFootballTalk – ProFootballTalk on NBCSports.com
ProFootballTalk on NBCSports.com
39. Active.com
Find & Register for Races, Local Events & Things to Do | ACTIVE
ACTIVE powers the world’s events and activities and connects people with the things they love to do. Find, register, or learn about races, local events, spor...
40. Hattrick.org
Hattrick Football Manager Game | Join the free football world » Hattrick
The original and the most popular online football manager game. It's free to play - everybody deserves their own football team!
41. Pro-football-reference.com
Pro Football Statistics and History | Pro-Football-Reference.com
Complete source for pro football history including complete player, team, and league stats, awards, records, leaders, rookies and scores.
42. Whoscored.com
43. Deadspin.com
Deadspin | Sports News Without Access, Favor, Or Discretion
Deadspin brings you the latest sports news, stories, videos, and more.
44. Football365.com
Football365 - Football News, Views, Gossip and much more....
Football365 - Football News, Views, Gossip and much more....
45. Sportingnews.com
Sporting News - NFL | NBA | MLB | NCAA | NASCAR | UFC | Boxing
The latest news, videos, scores and more on the biggest sports, including NFL, NBA, MLB, NCAA, NASCAR and more with Sporting News
46. Sherdog.com
Sherdog.com: UFC, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) News, Results, Fighting
The industry pioneer in UFC, Bellator and all things MMA (aka Ultimate Fighting). MMA news, interviews, pictures, videos and more since 1997.
47. Myfantasyleague.com
MyFantasyLeague.com – Beyond League Management
Myfantasyleague.com
48. Surfline.com
SURFLINE.COM | Global Surf Reports, Surf Forecasts, Live Surf Cams and Coastal Weather
Surfline surf reports, surf forecasts and cams.
The most accurate and trusted surf reports and forecasts and coastal weather. Surfers from around the world choose Surfline for dependable and up to date surfing forecasts and high quality surf content, live surf cams and features.
49. Soccerstand.com
Soccer Livescore - Live Scores & Match Results - Soccerstand.com
Visit Soccerstand.com for the fastest soccer livescore and results service. Get real-time livescore, stats, live odds and scores from all global matches and leagues!
50. Boxrec.com
BoxRec
The Boxing Database
